I thought I was twisting off the cover for the light but it was for the electrical connection to the entire light part of the fan. Can this be repaired (by a professional) or do we need a whole new fan? Feeling very silly!
Are the green spots something to be concerned about? 
Need Some Serious Help and Advice My wife and I moved back to the US (Texas) in the early 2020s and picked the place we did for the neighborhood / school / etc . Our house came with an unpermitted (unbeknownst to us and apparently known to everyone in the neighborhood) addition of about 400 square feet. The addition was built ontop of what looks to be a pre-existing outdoor patio (pics for details). We had a mini-split installed in the addition as it got a lot of sun and the main AC seemed to struggle to regulate temperature / moisture in there.

About 2 years into our ownership of the house, we noticed the flooring beginning to separate and almost dry out. Shortly there after, it started to smell musty, at which point we pulled the rugs we laid down to find mildew forming along the seems of the floorboards. We pulled a few of the planks to find that the flooring was built on top of industrial carpet that was glued directly to the previous outdoor patio floor. We had been through a number of  rain storms and observed the outside patio was not properly draining either and the water would pool along the base of the exterior wall and outside thresh. As the threshold began to dry out, dry rot began to form.

Clearly a myriad of issues to solve for and I want to start solving them, but I don't want them coming back. I've had numerous contractors come through and none of them could give me a definitive solution. All of them give some short term solution like "We can replace the flooring" but obviously, that doesn't stop it from happening again the future. I'm open to any number of ideas and a combination of solves to make it a permanent fix. My thought is to take it issue by issue, starting with the pooling water against the outside threshold and then working my way in to solve the other issues.

I'd be keen to cut the outside patio and remove it (not only to avoid water pooling, but also cause i just dont care for it). I also considered just skipping the flooring by pulling the floorboards and pouring concrete over it.

Looking for ideas or advice - I can't seem to get any contractor to figure out a full solution that isn't a band-aid hitjob.

Thank you in advance!

https://preview.redd.it/b0pabkex10fb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=85ca00d676eb121b71764c4f497b17c563f6750e

https://preview.redd.it/bolxv9fx10fb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=d87c95fe2520cc951c394c56df74b306be8cdcaf

https://preview.redd.it/72u4axex10fb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=d81b80c84d622eab771a3dc3e52a8c7e64b55831

https://preview.redd.it/15wdc4fx10fb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c6747b62c4378a31d63e71fcebc50cf47bbd990e

https://preview.redd.it/yafeipex10fb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=5ad99270acb5d0f385b16d45a2a64709876e8163

https://preview.redd.it/5c522gfx10fb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=6341e494488b8f1533f984ffff2e9316020bd7ed
Acoustic foam in ductwork to quiet air return? Just bought a new house and discovered that the air return for the first floor is very loud. I’ve taken a look at it and done some web searches, but before I commit to a solution I wanted to get some advice here!

I removed the air return grate and found that it’s pretty much a straight shot to the fan, maybe 3 feet with only a minor bend downward. I can literally see the fan moving when I take off the air return grate.

I noticed that there is a gap inside the ductwork between the fan and where the duct attaches, which is allowing the air that is being sucked in by the fan to reverberate inside of the unit. I believe that this is the cause of the noise.

1) I think that my solution is to buy acoustic foam and stick it inside the ductwork. I should be able to reach far back enough to line most of it and this wouldn’t impede airflow. I am seeing that acoustic foam is porous, so I could maybe even put it directly in the grate opening and see what happens apoens.

2) I did see another possible solution of getting a soundproof blanket or curtain and putting it over the grate, but I don’t want to impede airflow and want to avoid a solution that is potentially an eyesore.

My only worry with solution #1 is that, since the ductwork is so short, it may not dampen the noise enough. If so, I am wondering if putting some more foam inside of the fan compartment in the garage, where the noise is originating, would be safe? I wouldn’t put it near any wires or moving parts if I did so.

Any input is appreciated, thanks!
Can a home settle differentially without the foundation cracking 
My house has a slope in the floors from the high point at the center of the house, to low points on the outside walls. The high point seems to consistently follow a steel center beam that in the basement has a post attached to the floor. The post is concreted into the floor and bolted into the beam. 

I ripped out the finished walls in the basement and found out that they have no serious cracking (super tiny hairline, can’t even slip a dollar bill in between) and are pretty much plumb/level. The thing I’m curious is, could the house have settled differentially but the post stayed at the original height and pushed the house up in the center and that’s why it’s got a slope to the floor?
Dusty home My house is so dusty and it drives me bonkers! I have a brick home, change filter often and dust constantly. Any suggestions as why it may be? My home is older.
What do you think is the best way to seal the top of my kitchen island so crumbs don't get between the boards? 
Mother-in-law’s house, how in trouble is she? 
I was told I must post when I finished my first flagstone project. Yo, it’s not perfect, but I’m happy with it. It’s also not totally complete (gonna regrade the gravel/dirt by the “curve”). Since it’s DIY I just plan to slowly keep compacting, filling chip rock as needed through the summer and whatnot. 

I did this pretty cheap. I bought flagstone that was less than half the price of nice 2” stuff and it was quite variable.. some pieces as thick as 4-5”. Just kinda angle grinded my way through my free time. I’m taking a chisel here and there to edges that don’t look natural from the angle grinder and whatnot.

Overall, I’m pretty happy and so is my fiancé! 

Back on the other side of the garage I will do another 250sqft this summer for a grilling area by the pool bar we made out of the shed (recently ran electric, installed fridge and bought some cool pieces for the bar). I’ll hopefully take some lessons I learned forward from that.

Thanks for the help from people who responded to my initial questions!
Termite damage? Almost looks like little termites in the residue. This is my parents house and I’m a finance guy. Basement ceiling tile after dropping to install a pool table light.
Just found out Half of my led daylight non-dimmable bulbs are yellow!
How the heck to I insure they’re white?
Any way to get orange stain off of stone? 
How bad is this? Wet basement. Horizontal crack. If I knock on it, it’s hollow sounding, like it would chip off.
Can I just move the brackets holding the door closer to the wall or is that wishful thinking and I need to spend thousands to close the gap? 
What am I looking at here? 
Advice on AC drain Water has been draining to the right and a temporary fix is redirecting it to go left buy I am looking for advice on how to properly address this.

I was thinking two elbows so it drains farther away?

Any advice would be appreciated.

Thank you
Home in plastic shingle siding How do I fix a small hole in plastic shingle like siding?
Is this normal? I had my wood siding repaired and repainted on my 100+ year old home in February of this year. It had looked fine for the most part until a couple of weeks ago but this Texas summer seems to have taken its toll. 

Is this cracking/separating normal? If not, should I complain to the contractor who did the work or should I just plan on eating the cost and find someone else to fix it?
Garage is not on a foundation 15x8 garage is sitting on the earth. There's a slab poured on the inside but there's a solid 6in between the edge of the slab and the studs of the garage.

The garage needs work like a new roof, paint and some plywood replaced.

What are my options as far as getting the garage out of the dirt?

Or should I tear it down and rebuild?
Type of cieling. My father feels strongly that this is just textured ceiling and not absestos popcorn. I am wondering if it is possible to rule out absestos popcorn.  I know testing is the only way and absestos needs to be handled by professionals blah, blah, blah. 1880 house.
This is termite damage. Saw a post from yesterday asking if a knothole was termite damage; thought I’d share what I found in my house three weeks ago. 
Want to install a bidet but the commode has a rigid pipe 
Bees 💖 So we just moved a couple months ago. My question is about sweet baby angel pollinators!

I am in the inland northwest US. We found a beehive behind our front steps that we are going to leave alone, it's inaccessible without some hefty construction, and they won't survive the winter. We will block it off in the spring.

But I keep seeing some other bees hovering around my grass. They're not wasps, they're bees. Do they need water? We don't have flowers in our yard but the neighbors do, so it's not food? What could they be looking for? Hopefully not a new home 😂
How do I remove this grit? 
TV Mounts?? Anyone have a recommendation for a TV mount that only moves left and right?

All i am finding is mounts that tilt up & down or come out from the wall and full motion move.

The mount i want needs to tilt left & right. I don’t mind it moving up and down but do not want it pulling out from the wall.

Appreciate any help!
Wasps in Home Hi!

I recently purchased a 1949 cape cod. As pictured, there is a gable vent that extends to a space that is attic-esque on the side of the sloped wall on the second floor. This space is basically a triangular straightaway between the two upstairs bedrooms and is about 30 feet long. 

The second picture is the door in the bedroom that leads to this space. 

I can see wasps entering the gable vent frequently. I assume there nest is somewhere in there. This has lead to a few wasps entering through the bedroom.

I am afraid of wasps so I have screwed down that door in the bedroom and added t-shirts to the bottom to seal off as much as I can. I plan to caulk and put mounding around the bottom to permanently seal this area off.

I am seeking advice on how to stop the problem.

Would a mesh cover on the vent work, or will that only drive them into the house more?
Should I spray the shit out of the vent with long-range wasp spray?
What is this and can I seal it off? 
Question on home fire alarm system We are in the middle of buying a 3000 square foot house with finished basement so a total of 3 floors. There are no fire alarms in this entire house,  which boggles the mind, so looking for help on getting the whole house wired for alarms. There is a great room with vaulted ceiling, is that a problem?  No idea where to go from here so any help would be appreciated.  
Can I Sand Through Glue? I ripped up old linoleum floors and somewhat exposed the beautiful 1800’s original wood floor underneath. Can I sand through the remainder of the glue?
Removing anchors from brick A storm roll through that had very high winds.   We were lucky and only had a few small things damaged at our house.  Our flag pool was held in by 3x 50lb anchors into brick.  The anchors themselves are roughly 3" long, but snapped 1/4" inside the actual brick.  Any recommendations on how to extract the screws since there is anything to grab?  I've considered filing in the holes and starting over at this point.
Basement/Foundation Concerns My wife and I bought a home next to a small lake a year ago. The home was built in 2009 and has a poured concrete basement with an external foam barrier. The property shows some erosion on the lakeside.

Do I need to backfill with topsoil/gravel or can I add mulch in the low spots to keep proper drainage? 

https://preview.redd.it/t6hl23xehxeb1.jpg?width=583&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=415d7527b710bc8b8113dd0c4b546e30dd9be00e

https://preview.redd.it/t9ppl7xehxeb1.jpg?width=1500&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=b4956ae460eff9d9d2203b36239436c2b48a7bed
How can i fix this and prevent future issues Looks like some overspray or something causing paint to peel. What is a cost effective way to prevent future damage. The house is 2 years old
What is this? I clean it and it comes back. I've tried insecticides.
Help with figuring out how water is getting into my garage service door area. When it rains, When I sprinkle Im getting water in here and I’m not sure how or where to start looking.  Am I going to have to take the OSB off the wall to find out?
Underground gas tank? Hey folks - I found this old pipe sticking out of the basement wall. Could this lead to an underground gas tank outside? We had the property inspected and the metal detector came back inconclusive due to metal rebar under the concrete outside. Curious to know your opinions.
Ideas on how to improve staircase? My husband and I are in the process of buying a house with a stair case that needs some changes. Any ideas on how to make this look more appealing, and also safer? Not sure what kind of railing we could put on the open side
Need help deciding! So recently my husband and I bought this home and it is all carpet. We have two dogs and a toddler and about to have another baby. The carpet needs to go and we are wanting to replace all the main areas with LVP. The problem is we have cherry wood cabinets and don’t know what colors even do we’ll with that color of cabinet. I’ve tried finding inspiration online but I haven’t had any luck. Any suggestions? I’m attaching some pictures of the kitchen and living room to help.(pictures are from previous owners)  Thanks!
Carpenter or field ants Can anyone tell what type of ant this is ?
Why install roof vent caps but no fan? Everything I’m reading says these typically have fans & controlled by a thermostat - so should have a wire coming out to a controller. Additionally, most products are fans + caps - what product do I need to be searching for for just the fan? 
Why is this shifting/sinking after 20 years. About 2-3 inches in Texas. Noticed this about 6 months ago. 
Radon level 10 for a house Hello, we came across a  house we like but to our surprise the radon report came out with level 10 pCi/L. The seller has agreed to fix it. Should we go ahead and buy the house ?
LVP Doorway Transition How do I transition through this doorway? I undercut the trim already. I need 1 inch strip in the wall gap you see here and on the other side in the bathroom. Malibu click-lock LVP
Listen i dont know whats going on and if im crazy So lately a lot of things have been moving in the house, like a spray bottle on the bathroom floor, and my weed disappeared. I was chill about it, thought it might be the cats or something. Until a few days ago, my pills gone missing. I thought the cats played with them and let it go. This morning, i woke up, the pills were not on the counter still. But when i went back to my room they were there. I panicked and screamed and call my landlord. She suggested to check everywhere where a person could hide (small 2 bedroom apartment so not much place) and then when there was no one we hung up. I went to the counter in the living room to get a banana and suddenly the pills were beside me. I screamed and ran away, knocking on the doors of all the building, vut no one answered. I called the cops, they say they wont help. I dont know what to do!

Edit - my neighbors came back home, i ordered a new camera, changed the cylinder and my mom is on video call with me all night long. Also i checked myself with a psychiatrist and he said im fine :) i highly doubt memory loss because the psychiatrist said its highly unlikely. Also, and im sorry to disappoint you, i doubt the carbon monoxide thing because i have no gas in any form at home. Everything's electric:)
Mold above an air conditioning vent. How to remediate? 
Cedar Deck coloring … looks wet? What can I do to make this look better? 
What to do about floors I recently bought a house from the 1930s that has hardwood floors. The floors really need to be redone, but I just can’t afford it right now (too many other things that need to be done). I have rugs down right now, but I was wondering what are your thoughts on putting a floating floor over the hardwood. My reasoning is that this wouldn’t cost me as much as redoing the floors, it would help preserve the hardwood, and it could be pulled up when I have the money to get the hardwood refinished (or new owners could pull it up and redo the hardwood, if I decide to sell down the road).  Is this a good solution? By the way, I have two elderly dogs and don’t want them to damage newly redone hardwood or make it any worse.
How to safely hang this chair We’ve had this hanging chair in this corner for a couple of years, yesterday it just fell out of the ceiling while I was sitting in it. I’m ok, but would not like a repeat experience. House is split on whether or not to rehang. Is there a safe way to hang it? Worth mentioning we’re pretty sure it was secured in a stud… 
Any advice would be appreciated.
Whole house energy monitor Does anyone know of any good whole house energy monitors, preferably ones with an iOS app?

I recently installed the Flume water monitor, and now I want to monitor electricity. One day maybe I’ll even monitor natural gas.
Two different questions 1) There is scratching and moving noises I'm hearing coming from behind my bathroom shower /tub. At first I thought it was the water running down the handheld shower hose, but it's happening even when water hasn't been used. What would need to be done to see if mice have gotten in there? 

2) I was told that if windows are older than 20 yrs , home owners will help with cost. Is this true or a salesman's way of trying to get me to get new windows?
pulled on my oven’s fan force element and now it won’t turn on hey guys so i was cleaning my oven and was trying to get into the nooks and crannies behind the fan force element so i just unscrewed it and pulled and the light went off and the display lights turned off too and it won’t turn back on what do i do pls advise

it’s a bosch oven btw 

thank you 😭😭🙏
Bubble on wall after removing art? Hey all, hoping someone has a solution to this. I had some art stuck to the wall via adhesive and upon removing it, it seems like some small strange air bubble had formed underneath it. I tried poking a hole in the wall to let excess air out, but it doesn't seem to have done anything. I'm a renter and will likely lose bond over this. Any suggestions?
question on flooring (easy quick fix) 
Gutter mounts for amazon type floodlights Hi guys, my house is heavily shaded by the gutters all around the roof of the house. It’s a one story house, therefore sunlight mostly hits the top of the house and a little bit of the middle.

What kind of diy gutter mounts can I use to screw in these floodlights?
Loud ringing noise in house We have a loud constant ringing/humming noise in the living room. We turned off electrical and water but no use. It’s constant. Started very randomly and we can’t figure out from where. Any help appreciated 
Type of toilet flush lever to purchase for this ? 
Can this be removed through power washing? As have these discolored brick throughout our exterior home. Mostly near the windows and some other places as well. This is in chicago with harsh winters. Is this a reflection of previous neglect from former owners? I’m not sure if this is something we can get cleaned through power washing or if we have to look at painting or refinishing the brick?
Holes in ceiling tile? Just moved into a house built in the 1940s and we have a few holes in the ceiling tile. Any ideas for patching them? Eventually want to redo the ceiling, but hoping to just patch for now.
Should we tackle these globs of stucco with an angle grinder? 
Sagging Header...Should I be worried maybe or no? 
Air conditioner filter blocked Can anyone help me find a solution? When the hester was installed last winter apparently they put the power switch thing right ontop of where the airfilter goes and its 80 degrees in my house. 

Any suggestions or am I SOL?
Is this a carpenter ant? Here is what the ants look like: [https://ibb.co/JzG7GwB](https://ibb.co/JzG7GwB) I'm not really sure they are carpenter ants, imo. But husband is convinced they are.

Note the three stripes on their abdomen, but they are wingless. They have been making holes in the caulk in our kitchen. We saw a bunch a week ago in our rice bags (they were not sealed) and 2-3 days ago because some chicken scraps were left on the counter. Yesterday I put down terro and they disappeared. Last year we had the same problem, and terro took care of it within a week. Husband insists we still call professionals this time because "carpenter ants will destroy the wood in our house". Is this necessary?
Trying to swap out kitchen drawer handles but previous handles left a mark. How best way to fix this? First photo is the original handle, second is the replacement showing the marks.
Leak from Roof Attic Exhaust Previous homeowner put on a new roof and shingled over the flashing for an existing attic exhaust fan 15 yrs ago. Likely the work of "I know a guy DIY handyman wannabe".  
  
They sealed up the new shingles around the fan with some roofing tar and called it a day. The roofing tar has finally failed and I now have some water intrusion. Replacing a fan that looks like it's 20-30+ yrs old should be pretty straightforward.  
  
But, problem is that water also caused the sheathing underneath to deteriorate - but mostly downhill from the fan itself between the two trusses.  
  
Is an acceptable temporary repair to cut a sheet of plywood to fit between the two trusses - and 'sister' it to the existing sheathing from underneath, and short it up with some 2x4's to the trusses to give some structure to the roof?  
  
The roof will have to be replaced in 10 years, but not ready to tear it all off just yet. The shingles are in good condition as is the rest of the roof. Trying to avoid the huge expense for a relatively small problem area.  
  
Thanks!

https://preview.redd.it/8oazu7jptseb1.png?width=1226&format=png&auto=webp&s=7279cf65d027fcbbfa3bd50d7ddb5a2d492cc3b7
What kind of professional do I need for sinking ground? We moved into a new house last fall. Lots of stuff is still under warranty, and they regraded our backyard as a part of that. Heavy rains created a foot deep, 20 foot long trench. A lot of our neighbors had similar issues. Now the builder sent us a letter asking us to sign that the regrading work is done to our satisfaction. Feels suspicious, and I’m wondering what kind of professional I need to hire to inspect the ground and tell me what to mark while it’s still under warranty. No way I’m signing anything with the builder until I get a professional opinion.
Cause for concern? 
What to fill crack in concrete floor? Ants are coming through a large crack in this room's floor. Conrete? Sealant? Grout?
Retaining Wall Problems Bought our house at the height of the market about a year and a half ago and had to waive inspection. Noticed some gaps in the retaining wall. Filled it and overseeded thinking it was settling (house is 10 years old. 

House is on a slope so thinking poor water drainage. 

I have a drain that goes to my ditch, thinking it was a discharge for a French drain but I haven’t seen anything flow out. 

Any thoughts?
Installing retrofit led lights Trying to install some 6 inch retro fit led lights (like the ones in the link below) but they are not staying up. The lights I have are the commercial electric 6 inch with night light, these come with 3 prongs that don’t seem to be catching inside the old can fixture. 

The can fixture has inserts for “bunny ear” prongs but I can’t find these lights that have the night light with the bunny ear prongs.

Anyone run into this problem or have any advice would be much appreciated.

[https://www.amazon.com/Commercial-Electric-Selectable-Integrated-Recessed/dp/B07ZG855Y3/ref=asc_df_B07ZG855Y3/?tag=hyprod-20&linkCode=df0&hvadid=397238247280&hvpos=&hvnetw=g&hvrand=1387668174764682735&hvpone=&hvptwo=&hvqmt=&hvdev=m&hvdvcmdl=&hvlocint=&hvlocphy=9004214&hvtargid=pla-844284035417&psc=1&tag=&ref=&adgrpid=85332621073&hvpone=&hvptwo=&hvadid=397238247280&hvpos=&hvnetw=g&hvrand=1387668174764682735&hvqmt=&hvdev=m&hvdvcmdl=&hvlocint=&hvlocphy=9004214&hvtargid=pla-844284035417](https://www.amazon.com/Commercial-Electric-Selectable-Integrated-Recessed/dp/B07ZG855Y3/ref=asc_df_B07ZG855Y3/?tag=hyprod-20&linkCode=df0&hvadid=397238247280&hvpos=&hvnetw=g&hvrand=1387668174764682735&hvpone=&hvptwo=&hvqmt=&hvdev=m&hvdvcmdl=&hvlocint=&hvlocphy=9004214&hvtargid=pla-844284035417&psc=1&tag=&ref=&adgrpid=85332621073&hvpone=&hvptwo=&hvadid=397238247280&hvpos=&hvnetw=g&hvrand=1387668174764682735&hvqmt=&hvdev=m&hvdvcmdl=&hvlocint=&hvlocphy=9004214&hvtargid=pla-844284035417)
Water in the basement during storms, investigates the outside wall and found this. Structural? 
Paranoid after hanging 36 pound mirror? (ZOOM IN TO NAIL) This picture shows the top left corner of the mirror, picture taken flush with wall. Zoom in to see mail.

I just hung this 36 pound mirror on drywall with a heavy duty Monkey Hook (rated to 50 pounds) on the right hand side, and a 2 inch finishing nail (rated to 30 pounds) on the left side as there was a stud there. I’m paranoid as I’m not positive whether the hang of the nail is safe to hold the mirror. The nail I believe is in the stud.

Thoughts? Or am I overthinking ?
Where to put dehumidifier Hello, 

We moved into an older split level home in the Denver area that has a basement. It also doesn’t have central air but does have an evaporative(swamp) cooler mounted to the roof. 

That being said, we don’t mind the evaporative cooler as it costs substantially less to run than AC but it does lead to a few more bugs getting through our window screens. 

I bought a small dehumidifier to help with the humidity levels brought on by the cooler to help it function a little more efficiently. It actually works really well. 

However, I’m not sure if I have it in the right place. It’s on the main living level just below where the main vent for the evap comes in. I empty about 2 cups of water maybe every day and a half. 

So, should I place it where I have it or place into the basement area? Or, should I get a second one for the basement? 

I also have a cheap window a/c but I haven’t set it up yet since those are loud and use way more energy. But, if we have guests and they want it even colder in the guest room. 

Thanks!
How do it get the shower to go back to full flow? I tried pushing, sliding the button grip on top but it doesn’t go back to full flow, no shower!
Cedar closet has no drywall backing between itself and the attic. Also no insulation. How to remedy? so, we moved into this house in the spring and have found a delightful amount of stupid things the previous folks did. The walk in closet in an upstairs bedroom is all cedar, and looks great! But the closet's ceilling and two walls have attic on the other side. As the photos show below, the cedar has no drywall backing, and no insulation, so they whole thing is a giant leak of conditioned air into the attic and vice versa.   


We have some folks coming to give us a quote to add insulation to our attic anyway (other parts of the same attic only have 1-2" of rolled insulation that's very old). Is there any extra sealing we can do that would help? Either cutting adding drywall between the studs, or that spray foam insulation?  


(first photo shows what's accessible for the back of the closet. the closet continues past those uninsulated AC ducts (another fun story) Second photo shows closet's ceiling. )

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/tzr3rr6eoreb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=4a4c46e3b40bfafe10ee0e16e1f0cb8147aa92a9

https://preview.redd.it/6oh8gs6eoreb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=5160c9627232f1ce01cea32f403ca7437894dbed
Water dripping from behind pendant light fixture? It’s dripping slowly but it built up a substantial amount when we looked at the counter. Turning off the associated breaker but what is the first call here? Plumber before electrician? We had an issue in this ceiling a long time ago but it was an acute issue related to an upstairs toilet overflowing, nothing like that happening here…
Do ceramic tiles increase home value? Hello reddit,

When I bought my house it was about 50% carpet 50% what I believe to be hardwood floors. I ripped out all the carpets and replaced it with ceramic tile (wood looking). I'm not asking for a precise number or anything but just ballpark. Have this change raised the value of my home at all? thank you.
Just bought this house in May. As of a couple days ago, these weren’t on the railing. Any idea of what it could be? 
Cleaning vinyl linoleum? Does anyone have tips for cleaning and old vinyl linoleum floor? Redoing isn't an option in the immediate future and it seems like sweep and mop don't cut it. There are parts I've scrubbed pretty hard that look much cleaner, I'll probably end up doing this for the whole floor but making a habit out of that seems like a sisyphean task.
what is the powdery substance i found on old brick behind cedar panels (prewar building) i tested it and apparently it’s not asbestos. trying to figure it out.
Best Online Budget Cabinet companies? Looking for personal experiences ( good and bad) and best value for money. RTA cabinets are fine, as I'm willing to do the work if the quality is there. Need to do this on a budget.
An inspector said this is termite damage and my 2 year old house may collapse in a year. What do we think? 
Help understanding curtain situation? Recently purchased a condo, it has a curtain on the one track that spans 20 feet and meets in the middle, moving symmetrically with the pull string. It has a second plastic piece that does not have a track, but looks like it could be used for another curtain layer. It has no holes, and the side facing away from the window looks like it has velcro/something like Velcro. I'm not really sure what to call or how to describe either object that runs across the space in front of the window. It would be nice to be able to put up another layer of curtain since the existing one is mostly transparent, could someone explain what I'm looking at here?
Does this door look right? I got this PVC front door installed a year ago, but not sure the install was correct. It is multipoint: you lift the handle and 3 “pucks” get lifted to secure the door. These pucks don’t go fully behind the part that sits on the door frame. Maybe just midway. The picture shows the “up” position. 
Opinions appreciated…
Drywall Easiest way to patch that little hole??
Hidden Hardwood Floors? Hi all, I’m currently in escrow to buy a house, and while doing some poking around in it today, I found this in the bedroom closet.

The wood on the left is stamped and labeled as “Carpet Strip”, and has nails coming out of it. But it appears to be laying on top of another layer of wood, that looks like it might be original hardwood flooring? Or is it just more subflooring? I can’t rip anything up further to confirm my suspicions until we move in.

The front hallway has Parquet wood flooring, but the rest of the house is a mixture of carpet and vinyl.

Not an expert on this, so I could use a second opinion on what I’m seeing! Any help would be appreciated.
Hate our new house colors We are building a house and just got our first look at the exterior and don’t like the colors. They look a lot different in the show room I guess. There is nothing we can do about the brick at this point, but what color can we repaint the stucco so it looks better?
What are causing these holes in the ceiling to form? The ceiling is below the attic and it’s happening in different rooms. 
Novice new homeowner question - can I walk in my attic? Need to change HVAC filter and look for possibility of installing network cable for camera but not sure if I can simply walk across my attic.

(apologies for weird video orientation)

https://reddit.com/link/15c0ugy/video/fljypc4k6qeb1/player
Frigidaire washer: PAU/E11 error and missing model/serial number We moved into a new place with Frigidaire stacked washer & dryer. Washer on bottom of stack has stopped working: if I start a wash cycle, it stops immediately and displays a PAU error on the display. Error code is E11. A technician looked into this and says it's the electrical board, but we can't find the model/serial number anywhere on the washer - we looked everywhere - so we can't even order the part to fix it.

1. Has anyone had similar PAU and E11 errors, and been able to fix it? How did you do it? Both inlet valve and water pressure (hot+cold) have been checked and are good.

2. Based on the pictures below, would you be able to tell me the model number of the washer? For reference, the dryer on top of stack (not pictured) is: Frigidaire 7.0 Cu. Ft. Gas Dryer, model number FFQG5000QW2. Both washer & dryer were very likely bought and installed together in 2014.

Thank you for any help. Much appreciated.

https://preview.redd.it/2nnagc8e4qeb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=ce0eab53e6d2e73855feca84d3ba8a23905b34f4

https://preview.redd.it/483e8e8e4qeb1.jpg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=b52e60e190b8668610608548b0b6bb5fe1a09e01

https://preview.redd.it/o0mrjd8e4qeb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=2b53c82e29750a842ccf9c774fc2283143462f54

https://preview.redd.it/7atq1h8e4qeb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=d0d485d287948dbb5c5ab0b8ef39896e9ed74178
Dell latitude E6420 rust I'm starting to see some rust on the WiFi switch for my old Dell laptop. Could rust kill a laptop, is this a issue with old laptops. And what is the cause of rust?
NIJAGO 
How To Fix Crack On Conrete Steps (Inside Corner) 
What type of flooring is this? Been at this apartment for a couple of months now and everytime we clean the floors, they seem to get dirtier. Just want to properly clean them according to the type of tiles they are.
Newly installed window, crack around frame We had this large (9’ wide) window installed last year, the previous window was 90’s construction grade and was literally bending in the middle. Contractor expected to have to install a more sufficient header, but upon inspection the header was more than efficient. This window is much higher quality. Was re-caulking the side of the window today which has some minor cracks, then noticed the top of the window has a 1/8-1/4” crack between caulk and frame (photo 2 and 3).

Is this a simple re-caulk issue? Anything more to be concerned by?
Gap at top of door. What should I do? You can see that the door is leaning in the frame, so there’s a gap between the piping (which I replaced and is installed properly) and the door. 

I can’t afford to replace the door or a major job. I was thinking of gluing some additional piping/insulation to the top of the door to help close the gap. Is that a good idea? Can anything else be done? 

Thank you
Anyone have one these/know how to fix! Won’t let me set a temp.
Is this mold? Or water stain? Help! This is on my ceiling, where there is a crawl space above, and then the roof over that.
Frigidaire dryer belt repair Frigidaire dryer belt repair

Attempting to fix my dryer that broke recently, the belt that adheres to the drum isn’t catching and spinning like it should. 

I bought a new belt and put it on but it seems like I’m missing a piece or the set up configuration of the motor and the adjustable arm is off? They are basically overlapping and touching one another which doesn’t seem right. The belt also seems a little tight where I couldn’t get it to weave in between the motor and adjustable arm, I bought the correct model so not sure why. The originally band seemed to be an inch or so looser and hung out of place almost.


Hopefully someone with experience could point me in the right direction… considering just calling a pro at this point but wasn’t ready to shell out ~$250 for a repair or ~$600 for an entire new dryer
Those with neighbors with a fence Does your neighbor weed eat along the fence line or do you have to do that?

I have to do this at my house. My dad has to do this at his house. I find it annoying bc their fence creates an extra thing for me to do. What I don't get is do fence owners not understand they should do this?

It's not worth me mentioning it to the neighbor but I think people with fences should understand that it's their responsibility to take care of their fence line.
How worried should I be? Noticed this when I was in my basement.  How worried should I be and what’s the best way to fix? It’s a new construction.
What is this? I moved in here a few months ago and this appeared the other day, is this mold? Mildew? Condensation behind the wallpaper? Any help would be greatly appreciated!
Need some advice Hello, dont know if this is the right place, but does anyone have any tips on how to restore this flooring? Thanks
How to trim Laminate Countertop? I have a piece of counter top that is too long for the space it goes into.  It looks like particle board with a laminate cover.  How do I cut this to size?

Two additional questions:  This piece of top is supposed to go onto a lower cabinet that is just sitting in place.  

How do I anchor the cabinet to the floor? 

 How do I attach the counter top to the cabinet?
How to remove plastic cover on blind drawstring halp

Plastic is very tough. Can’t squeeze the little handle through. No break in the metal drawstring.
Porch beam was replaced a year ago, is it normal for these nails to be rusted? 
Need some feedback about garage issue Hi all, I’ve got an issue with my garage, but I’m not sure how big of a problem it actually is. 

In 2020, I bought a 1950s home that has been torn down to the studs and redone. My parents, unbeknownst to me, decided to be helpful and try to “seal” the garage before I moved in. 

The filled the expansion gap (north wall) with sand and caulked over it. They covered the rest of the perimeter with sand and caulked/quick concreted over it. Nothing set right, everything split open, and I guess due to the airflow between the garage and house or attic and house, my house smelled like caulk and a dust storm. Not only did the smell and gritty air drive me crazy, but I started developing severe health issues after moving in. 

I have since spent the past 6 months gradually scraping of caulk/concrete and digging sand out of the expansion gap using folders, mailers, whatever I could fit down there to scoop with. Much of the sand was wet, and since clearing that out, the humidity in my house has improved, and the smell has gotten better. 

The caulk/concrete has been impossible to completely get off, as they applied it directly to the bottom of the framing. The framing on the south wall sits at ground level, and as I started getting the caulk off, water came out onto the garage floor, so I think it had been getting trapped in/under the framing. 

My questions are:

1. Do I need to worry about the bottom of the framing rotting out due to moisture getting trapped under the remaining caulk? Since they put sand down before they caulked it, the friction from the slab moving actually caused some of the wood to splinter off too. 

2. How worried should I be about the expansion gap? I got much of the sand out, but couldn’t get it all due to the gap being narrow in places. Also, the sand was packing the gap for a couple years and I don’t know if that caused any damage. 

3. How worried do I need to be about mold having started growing behind the sheet rock due to the caulk seeming to have prevented drying for the couple + years  it was there? I don’t see any visible mold, but I started getting so sick after moving in here, which started as the first big snow we got after moving in began to melt. We’re talking dizziness to the point I can’t drive, red and burning skin, facial swelling, etc. 

4. Are there other things I should be doing/thinking about? 

Thanks for any thoughts you can provide. I’d just say screw it and wait to see if anything happened, if not for the health issues. I’m trying to take care of this on my own, but it’s definitely not my area of expertise.
Thinking about purchasing these. Thoughts? Been in my home for 7 years, kitchen sink fell already and did the 2x 4 holding the sink up method . Thinking about using these to hold it up long term. Thoughts? I didn’t know where to post this.
Compatible? I bought this adapter for my dryer, but the outlet looks slightly different.  Am I good to just cut and bend it to shape?
Screen windows? Thoughts on my situation. Looking for a little advice for windows. The house my wife and I bought has original 1968 Andersen 200 series windows. There are storm windows (unknown brand) on most of the windows but a few are missing which means we can’t open those windows because no screen.

The Andersen windows are in decent shape but several have broken strings. Wife wants new windows but to get the same quality window we’re going to have to spend $40 - 50k I’d guess. I’d like to just repair the strings and put new storm windows on

I found that Andersen has this series of screen windows that supposedly will work with my window but they seem pretty pricy.

https://parts.andersenwindows.com/detail_1610246__w_dh_comb.html

What are ya’ll thoughts on replacing with cheaper vinyl windows, replacing with wood windows, and fixing/new screen windows?

Any advice is appreciated!
Help me find: window screen frame corner pins I just broke a few of these while trying to reinstall a window screen. I’ve found loads of *similar* screen frame corners, but none with the split down the middle of one end like this. Does anyone know where to look? Thanks!
Water dripped from ceiling air vent—what gives? I live in the SE US where it has been extremely hot as of late. My AC has been going non-stop. Tonight I was sitting on my couch and felt something drip on my head. I reached up and it was water (clear, no odor) that must’ve fallen from the ceiling air vent that I was sitting under. How big of a problem is this, and what should I do? I haven’t seen another drop yet, so it’s not a constant dripping.
what do i do about kitty litter in the toilet hi so i thought it’d be smart and convenient to dump the bag of cat poop + cat pee + little bits of clumping litter into the toilet but it clogged and i don’t know what to do. i don’t have a toilet snake, baking soda, vinegar, a wire hanger, or any of that. i do have a Draino and a plunger but i don’t have access to them until tomorrow morning since i’m in the process of moving. i’m worried that i can’t leave the toilet like this overnight cause what if it like hardens or something and it’s unusable in my brand new house????? help please
Replaced the discharge of my sump pump Got a question about what I should use to fill the spot around the discharge pipe on my sump pump. I don’t want any critters making my crawl space their new home. Any advice is much appreciated. Thanks!!
Funny one by PleaseHateTheseThings on IG, with a troll job by Planet Fitness 
Filthy floor protectors, am I being crazy? I hired a reputable plumbing firm to replace my water heater. I am having a very tough time coming to terms with them having put filthy drop cloths on my floor and carpet. I initially thought about providing my own floor protectors but since the company was so highly reviewed I figured that there's would be fine.

If the previous house they were at was infested with say bed bugs or termites, could that be transferred to my house? Did they really put never washed, toilet water residue drop cloths on my carpet?
Mold or mildew? This has been growing in one of my wooden cabinets in my home, started about a month ago. The cabinets themselves were built this year and It’s the only cabinet that has this type of growth and also so happens to be the only cabinet that isn’t sealed completely, it gets considerably humid in this cabinet compared to the others im thinking because it isn’t sealed completely. Should I be concerned and/or what precautions should I take, I’ve wiped it with a mold and mildew cleaner and it came off extremely easy
Snake isn't unclogging tub Water is building up and it's getting pretty scummy residue, so I took the snake out and it wasn't coming up with any wads of hair or any gunk. I'm not the most handy but I have never had an issue with this process before, so a little confused as to what could be wrong or what besides a bunch of hair (which presumably would have come up)could causing the build up. Anything I can try before calling a plumber? Thanks!
How to smooth this out (beginner) Looking for advice on how you smooth this out. Do I have to add plaster or just sand it or? Not really experienced in all of this so just hoping for some advice.
What are these droppings/debris? Any ideas? Spread across a small porch. If I them away they come back the next day. North east city. 

I have hrs carpenter bees, could this be related? Doesn’t look like termites, right? Thoughts?
Nano roof coating ? Anyone know anything about this process or product ? Sounds scammy but can’t find much independent info online.
Gas Box left uncovered This gas box outside my balcony has been left unfinished and exposed to the rain. I have the cover but I can’t use it thanks to the big tube that pops out. 

What to do? How can I fix it? There are rain infiltrations into the wall 😭
Weird sounds coming from water heater  Hi guys. I'm in Europe and have a Gaz water heater. It's periodically making the sounds in the video, as you cas see the entire thing is vibrating. I feel like it's getting louder as time passes and is not normal. It's also pretty annoying since it starts not only when I use water but also randomly. Any idea ? Can a professional fix this ?
Any ideas on how to fix this? There’s a gap between my bedroom and bathroom. Any ideas how to fill it? Or what to fill it with? Thanks!
Does this look like a frost proof valve ? I was thinking of changing this valve for a frost proof one but now the fact that It looks like I can unscrew the handle is making me think it's already frost proof. What do you think?
HVAC advice? Been noticing quite a bit of water (?) underneath the condenser in the mornings, it dries up later in the day as it gets hotter outside but haven’t noticed it underneath my neighbors’ condenser (live in a townhome/condo community). Live in TX where working AC means life or death in the summertime so just want to get ahead of it if it’s a problem or not. FYI this a new condenser that was installed less than a year ago. Services a 1300 sq ft 3 level townhome.
Looking for advice Looking for advice

Hello, I’m at a bit of a loss and was wondering if anyone had any advice.  I lost my dad suddenly a few years ago and I don’t have anyone else who knows about things like home renovations etcetera 

I have a 15 year old townhouse that I’ve been living in for 8 years.  It has a tile entryway and tile in the bathrooms which are both on the top floor.  There are two tall sets of stars and two main floors.  The main floor on the first level is an engineered hardwood or laminate.  The stairs and top floor were carpeted however I ripped it out a few years ago because the previous owners had dogs and it was in poor shape.  I basically just painted the stairs/hardwood subfloor and we’ve been living on that.  I’m hesitant to re-carpet because I have cats and I’m not a fan of how dirty carpet can become.  I realize that might be my cheapest option though.

I’m very handy but I’m sort of at a loss as to what I can/should install on the stairs/top floor.

If anyone has any advice I would really appreciate it, also my DM’s are open.  Thank you!
Mold Possibility? Well. My attic likes to show these stats. 

8am - 6pm: 90-100F, 50-90% humidity.

6pm-8am: 80-90F, 50-70% humidity.


Should I be concerned? House is less than 6 years old. Plenty of insulation I think.
Should I be worried about these? I keep finding these dead bugs (beetles?) near my garage door entrance to house. The area is also close to a crawlspace access inside house. We moved in last fall, but these only started appearing 2 weeks ago. I find about 5 lying around every few days... I don't think I'm tracking them inside because we usually park in garage and walk in without even touching grass/yard. Any experience with these?
What are these nests I have two small nests forming in two different places outside my house. Any idea what are these and how can I safely remove these. Thanks
Lentil repair I have made multiple phone calls today to try and connect with someone in masonry but waiting on a return back from someone. This was found in our recent home inspection. Can anyone help educate me on what might be needed to be done? Bonus if you know a rough estimate of costs/window. Any insight would be welcome as I wait with anxious feelings!
Took down wallpaper. Is this salvageable or should I replace the drywall? I took down the wallpaper myself, obviously. I was pregnant, nesting and had very little patience with the project. It’s been an eyesore for way too long. Is the current drywall salvageable or should I replace it instead? It’s a pretty small area.
Are these termite holes? There's no dust or droppings They've been here since we've moved in. I painted over most of them, but it seems like the paint didn't last long for patching them.
What is this powdery substance in the Luxury Vinyl flooring gaps Images [here](https://imgur.com/gallery/dPO2SWe). Our home is about 2.5 years old. I tried inserting a toothpick between the planks and clean up the dirt which I thought was stuck in the gaps, but a bit of moist goo like stuff came out. Is this mold and how can I remedy it? Thanks in advance!
First new home, is this cutting corners? Should I be concerned? Hello, starting the process of buying our first home. I do plan to get an inspector but was wondering if this looks normal. You can see a cut to a board at the base of the house and gapes between windows and the frame. Maybe this is normal? Thanks in advance.
How to figure out where to safely nail into double-pane window sill? I would like to install these hinged vent locks on some vacuum double-pane windows. The box says “not recommended” for double-pane windows, I assume because the glass and sealing medium extends beyond the wood. How can I figure out where the sealing medium ends and it is safe to nail?

These windows are labeled IGCC CBA IGMAC CIG-6 1-03
Siding a Boarded Up Window Per my home insurance, I have to fix this issue on my house. It is a completely enclosed, boarded up window that needs to be sided over. My house has aluminum siding, and I was wondering if anyone had any ideas about how to repair this. I was thinking of taking some of the aluminum siding from the front of my house, replacing it with faux stone siding, and using those pieces to cover the window, but a neighbor suggested that I could possibly patch it with vinyl siding and match the paint with the original aluminum color. 

I know aluminum can be expensive and hard to come by, and I’m just looking for the most practical and cost effective way to do this in a bit of a pinch. Any and all advice is appreciated!
What exactly is this? I have a few of these bulges in the ceiling and I’m trying to understand what this is exactly? Should i be concerned on this or leave it as is?
Am I being too picky? This is a Dreamline shower door from Ferguson Build.com. It was just installed today and I’ve paid a decent amount to have my entire guest bathroom remodeled and this just seems subpar. What do you guys think? Thank you. 
Foundation Concerns A year ago we purchased a home built in 2009 next to a small lake. The home has a poured concrete basement and foundation with some type of exterior foam barrier. On the lake side, there is obviously erosion. In several places, the concrete is exposed for 6".  Do I need to backfill with topsoil/gravel or can I add additional mulch and be ok?
Unknown leaks? Hi,

Similar to this [user](https://www.reddit.com/r/Home/comments/15b1hyt/tracing_a_water_leak/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=2&utm_term=1), we’ve been finding random leaks in our ceiling. I’m creating this post because I wanted to add pictures for context. 

We can’t find any source of the leaks in the attic or the roof, and they dry and disappear after about an hour or so. Is this something we need to worry about?

Thanks!
How to refinish aluminum fence? Fence is about 100', installed nearly 10 years ago. Doesn't look bad, but it's shedding white powder. What's involved in refinishing it, or should it just be washed? 
Need to divide a bedroom to accommodate two people. We can’t afford a new home, so we need a way to split the master bedroom into two bedroom type areas. And it needs to be as soundproof as possible. Also, this house is a rental, so it can’t be permanent. Any ideas?
Front Entry Door is....melting Hey guys, my wife and I have recently joined the first time homeowner club, and we're very excited to be able to own a home. However, we're pretty amateur when it comes to fixing stuff around the house. The internet And YouTube have been a big help so far in getting a few other home projects done. For this one, I felt like turning to Reddit for suggestions.

I live in the Midwest part of the US, and it has been HOT lately. Our front entry door gets the evening sun and just soaks it up. It's a darker color with a storm door in front of it. It gets so hot that it would probably give you a first degree burn if you touched it long enough (the metal parts at least). There's been some sticky adhesive type stuff leaking from the window part of the door. I assume it's to help hold part of the trim in place or something, but the heat is just scorching it. The paint under it is bubbling as well probably from the adhesive leaking down under it.

So, do you guys have any suggestions? My initial thoughts for fixing this are:

- paint the door a lighter color so it absorbs less rays (not ideal as it matches the exterior of the house well)
- scrape off all adhesive and paint around the edge of the window and use some outdoor heavy duty caulking to seal it and repaint
Dirt? Behind basement bathroom wall Found some water behind my finished bathroom basement wall (It's an old basement, they probably shouldn't have had drywall put in) and This was on some of The flooring tucked under the drywall. Anyone know what it is?
Tracing a water leak So it rained overnight and noticed that water leaked through a recessed can and left a water stain on the ground floor kitchen ceiling. 

Directly above the kitchen is a bathroom. No evidence of a leak there except the hallway carpet by the doorway is wet/damp. No one took a shower/bath in that bathroom yesterday.

Checked the crawlspace above the bathroom and don’t see any obvious evidence of leaks/water damage but I’ll be honest its tight up there, difficult to maneuver and I’m working with a headlamp trying to look around. I’m also not super well versed in this area beyond “is it wet?”

There is a masonry chimney very close to the area, but no obvious signs of water getting in around it that I can see. 

Any obvious tests, signs or other things I should be looking for? 

I’m doing more research, and calling around so I’m not only relying on reddit for advice but putting this here in case any savants happen read this and think of something obvious to try🙂
Window was leaking from bottom of window after torrential downpour Just bought a condo and during the first torrential rain, there was some water leaking from that gap highlighted in the picture. All windows in the condo have that same gap. Would it be safe to simply calk it? There are weep holes on the outside of the window, but they appear to be plugged up, so not really sure how to go about this.
Perforated pipe for downspout extension? I just ran a 4" perforated corrugated pipe from my downspout to a pop up emitter about 25 feet away. The pipe is covered by a sock to filter out dirt. 

I'm no professional but I think I did a good job digging a trench that slopes down about 12" over 25 feet. 

I'm worried about two things: 
1. Is the perforated pipe just going to let all the water out into the earth on its way to the emitter?
2. Should I have laid gravel over top? I figured it wasn't really intended to be a french drain so that wouldn't matter too much.
Door hinge pins I’m trying to remove the pins for these hinges in order to sand the bottom of the door, which keeps sticking. I’ve removed paint at the top and bottom of the pin with a Stanley knife and have been tapping the bottom of the pin with hammer + screwdriver, but no luck! Any tips?
Water under lvp flooring So my daughter took a long bath and afterwards I noticed that when I walked on the lvp flooring in the bathroom it made kind of a "squish" noise. Had I not heard this noise I would not have noticed because the bathroom was bone dry otherwise. So I believe I have a leak in either the tub drain or somehow from the drain selector knob that's built for overflow. 

When the lvp was installed I know there was a layer of underlayment or sheeting put down and I think that's the noise I'm hearing because it's wet. What is this best plan of attack to fix this before it becomes a problem to the flooring? The lvp is about 2 years old and supposedly waterproof but I'm certain it's not good for the floor to have that much water under it. 

I couldn't find much on YouTube other than a guy drilling holes into the lvp and using a big shop vac to suck the water out after a hurricane flood but that doesn't seem like the best fix imo.
White chalk-like substance (efflorescence) found and spreading in unused garage floor? Cause for concern and how to treat? [https://imgur.com/a/npyRwuT](https://imgur.com/a/npyRwuT)

Looking for some advice. Our garage floor has been developing a white chalk-like powdery substance that seems to "stick." I believe it may be efflorescence?

Some details:

* New construction SFH that was completed spring of 2022.
* It has been vacant and the garage has been unused since.
* No vehicle is housed there nor has it ever driven into garage. Only minor foot traffic every few days from opening the garage and walking in/out for entry.
* In addition, every 3 months, pest control company sprays their insecticide near the driveway portion and outer edges of the inside of the garage but this eventually dries up with ease. No residue is seen.
* There is a electric heat pump water heater in the garage.
* Slight gap between bottom of garage door weatherseal and slab. Seems like "a lot of stuff" can blow inwards from our driveway. After almost a year and a half, normal cracks/holes can be seen in the garage.
* We don't have this issue at our other properties. We're not sure if it's because the grading of this particular house, or if the builder forgot to put a vapor barrier, or something else.

My questions are as follows:

1. Is this a cause for concern or purely cosmetic?
2. What may be the source of this and where/how is the "vapor" migrating? The only thing I can think of is maybe the garage is getting some slight moisture issues from the electric heat pump water heater as it pushes out colder air since the garage tends to run cooler. I have also noticed a slight gap in the bottom of the garage door weatherseal so maybe there is a wind draft that is "pushing" the cold air inward at night. I initially noticed the white substance limited to 1-2 feet within the edge of the garage floor meets the driveway (where the roll up door would sit), however, I have observed recently, that the efflorescence has been creeping inward closer to the garage door entry. There shouldn't be any water leaks since the house has not been using any water but I guess the only active water source is my automated front lawn sprinklers or neighbors' drip lines which are 20+ ft away? I don't think it is a crawlspace issue underneath? Maybe poor drainage from the perimeter of the slab? My main concern is undetected moisture somewhere.
3. I asked the homebuilder but they suggested that the concrete is porous and unsealed so this is common. They advised to "pressure wash and apply a sealer to the concrete." Is this the best course of action? If so, I was going to get a garage professional to do it. I wouldn't want epoxy but some sort of sealer would be okay, especially if it helps prevent further cracking.
4. If I'm going with a professional, should I ask them to perform a moisture vapor transmission / calcium chloride test?
5. Otherwise, if I were to try to wash it off myself, how should I go about cleaning this so it doesn't come back? If efflorescence is caused by vapor, would I have to figure out how to best seal the garage so no wind/moisture leaks can enter? Any cleaning agents that you would recommend?
Suggestions for deadbolts that don't get rekt by a crowbar Hello all,

I had my house broken into by a person with an 8' round fence post that they put between my door and my doorjamb and managed to pull the locking bolt out of the dead bolt. I had 4" wood screws holding the strike plate into the king stud, but they managed to pull the lock apart. Anyone know of locks that don't do this, or do this with more effort?

[Images](https://imgur.com/a/Faa8j2f)
Tips to Keep Electricity Bill Down in a Two-Story House in SoCal I just recently started renting a two-story house in Southern California and am looking for tips on how to keep the electricity bill down during the summer - especially in regards to the A/C.

My bill for July is going to be around $400+ and I know it’s that high due to the AC. I’m trying to figure out the best way to keep the house cool enough during the heat wave without breaking the bank. What’s some tips you have for a two-story house? Do you keep the thermostat at a set temp for the whole day or do you just put the AC on at night?
Artillery fungus or flea marks? We’ve had these spots rapidly appearing in our home. It’s definitely dog related because it only appears in spaces of our home that our dogs occupy. We’ve had our pest control company check it out & no results. They grow like mold/fungus (one spot multiples) but lots of ppl say it resembles flea marks.
Should I be worried about this? 
Help identifying bug found in home, in our bed. 
Looking for Advice: Lofting Garage Storage / Ceiling Joists 
How to re-attach bathroom vent/light? I tried re-screwing the screws in a different location. I tried using bigger screws. I’m each instance, the screws ripped out of the ceiling under their own weight.

Is there a way to affix this to the ceiling? Will a wall anchor work in the ceiling? Thanks for the help
Took 4 times longer than expected and cost more than I originally thought, but upgrading the patio doors has been my favorite home improvement. The building is designated historic, so I had to include a “false column” to keep it looking original from the outside.  Along the way discovered the previous flipper didn’t level the floor, the balcony was tilted inwards to the point that we debated pouring concrete, and the glass was plate glass from the 60s that had never been updated (and totally wasn’t to code).  Can’t wait to entertain!
Sealing my crawlspace Hello!

We bought our first house and the crawlspace has some cracks in the concrete, some space with no concrete blocks (and just plywood blocking it off), and some space where the yard doesn't come up to the bottom of these boards. 

We've been given the advice of getting a landscaper to fill in those low gaps, and to work on grading so water flows away from the house. What else should be done here? (Super super new. Eli5 please)
Should I be concerned? My daughter just bought this house and has wires going everywhere in her attic.
How to deal with coax cable in coming through the floor? We need to clean the carpet and are not sure how to resolve this… 
Ideas for storage and organization? It is a garage entry way.
can i screw here? trying to put on interior blinds but this bracket seems too large to put the screws where the instructions say. could i get away with screwing one up top or should i just return these and look for something else?
instant hot water dispenser (tank) versus continuous (tankless) hot water heater I like a hot cup of instant coffee in the morning, so I install an under-sink instant hot water dispenser.  Unfortunately, the tank-based system failed after a few years.  The continuous (tankless) hot water systems are much cheaper.  Can I use one instead of the traditional instant hot water dispensers?
Are these base boards salvageable? New house and the baseboards have visible nail holes and seams. Can we just fill this in and sand and repaint? Do we remove them?
Wood Cabinets and Trim Help 40+ year old cabinets and trim look bad. What can I do, wood stain? Not sure what type and materials I need.
How hard to disconnect this ourselves? We have contractors coming on Monday to install new counters and a new single-drain sink. At first we were told they could do the plumbing part too but today they said we need to have a plumber in before to disconnect everything and then again 24 hrs after to rework the pipes. Our plumber isn't available before Monday. Trying to decide if we could do this ourselves or need to start calling around to randos/ thinking about postponing the install. We have zero experience other than using the shutoff valves. What do you think, could we handle disconnection?
Options? 
Plastic Stops on Dresser Track Broke. Need Replacements! The tracks on the inside of my dresser drawers [have these plastic stops](https://imgur.com/a/FKBFt3t) that easily broke off when I removed the drawers. Is there any way to order replacements for these little plastic stops or do I need to order new tracks? The silver metal piece with ball bearings slides right off the track without the plastic stop in place.
How to keep home smelling good consistently Every time I look this question up, the suggestions come back to “clean your house”

The house is clean. It’s not the rugs, or the trash, or the sink. Nothing stinks, it doesn’t smell particularly nice in general- at least not long term.

I’ve been using glade plug-ins for ever but replacing them often is costly, especially with so many rooms, and the scent is barely noticeable after the first few days unlss I’m right next to it 

I have a fear of house fires, so candle use is not ideal.

I came across reed diffusers as an option, I wanted to see if anyone had good experience with them before I potentially waste $30

Or any other suggestions!
Should Basement French Drain Have Water In It? **TL;DR, Went down to the basement to find that our home's French drain is almost full of water. My mother doesn't recall there ever being water in the drain in the 20+ years that my family has owned the home (we're the original homeowners). Is this normal?**



So my mother and I went down to the basement to dry up some water that had leaked from the garden hose, and instead of soaking all the water up with paper towels, I began to push the water into the hole of our basement's French drain system. We were both surprised to hear the splashing sound when the water from the floor met the standing water in the drain. I shone my flashlight in the pit and saw the standing water, two black corrugated pipes, and a white PVC pipe. 

What concerned us was that the black corrugated pipes seemed to be split as if they were once supposed to be together at one point. (If this is normal, why would they sit like that?) Absolutely no clue what the white pipe is below the black pipes (maybe someone can help me better understand). My mom says that we don't have a sump pump, and I can confirm that no cords are coming out of the pit, only the single white pipe that goes up between the walls after it splits into two different runs of pipe. 

I took a look in the second pit, which doesn't have any pipes in it or going into it (not sure if it's even connected with the French drain, but the two pits are right next to each other (the only difference I can discern is that the French drain is a large diameter corrugated pit and has a white PVC pipe coming down from the wall and running on the floor until it reaches the pit which has an oblong opening flush with the basement floor whereas the other pit, which doesn't appear to be corrugated and has no pipes running into it (not sure what the little bit of water at the bottom is from. Could very well be from the cleanup of the hose water but I'm not 100% sure on that) instead, this pit doesn't have an oblong opening flush with the floor it has two round holes about two or three inches in diameter which have a lip to them. 

I took pictures, and we plan to call a professional when we return from vacation in two weeks. Can someone please help me understand if this is something we should worry more about? Feel free to ask any follow-up questions, and I'll do my best to answer them! 

Thanks!!!
How old is my AC unit? I’m looking to get a new one because mine is extremely inefficient.
Filling driveway cracks Hey there,
We recently bought our first house!
Our driveway has some significant cracking due to previous drainage issues (which have since been fixed). I know ultimately it needs replaced, but for now I’d like to prevent further damage. What is the proper way to seal/fill the cracks? Polymeric sand, self leveling sealant, concrete sealer?
Any advice helps!
Help! So the bottom half of this "pigtail"? Broke off so that's why it looks a little stubby but I cant find where I can get more of these. They're used to hold in my screens for my windows. I need a good dozen or so. Help anyone 😫
Cost of Modular vs Stick-Built? Florida Polk/Osceola County. I have been trying to do research on these topics for days now and it's incredibly difficult to find quotes or prices on either of these builds. Finding a contractor that will quote a single home build is astonishingly complicated and finding a modular home provider that provides MODULAR homes and not MANUFACTURED homes is even worse. Does anyone have any info on what one can expect to pay, not including land, per SQ/ft on a modular home (factory built framing, assembled on site to a permanent foundation) or stick built home? Any info on what delivery costs look like for modular homes as well?
CA - Insulation Home Requirements I am not seeking legal advice, but some insight from those more well-versed in the codes and regulations for houses in California. For a home that has been remodeled within the last couple of years, is it required to have insulation installed (in at least the exterior walls) for it to be considered up to code?
Gas cooktop edges lift ehen cooking?!?! GE® 36" Built-In Gas Cooktop with 5 Burners and Dishwasher Safe Grates
Model #:JGP5036SLSS

When I cook on my gas cooktop the corners and edges lift up, as you can see when not in use they are pretty much flush. 

This was installed in a new build home and we have been using it for 2 weeks. 

Any ideas?
Bag is too small for brush, are there any uses for it? Can I just throw it into the trees? 
Garage door opener question Hi all, 

My home came with an automatic garage door, but no remote. 

Is there a way to get a new remote, or do I need to get a whole new unit? 

Thanks!
Thoughts on how to reseal this? This is the seam around my kitchen sink and it is always growing a lot of mold. Would resealing the seam prevent mold growth? If so, would I have to remove the whole sink to do so?
Crack in ceiling. What's my next step?  Bought a townhome about a year and a half ago and had to remove textured ceiling throughout the unit because they painted it with regular paint and the texture cracked and fell. I have no confidence they painted this ceiling with bathroom paint. 

This crack is about 10" long. It's our only bathroom with a shower and is on the top floor. Does this ceiling need to be replaced? Or is this repairable? Have had bad luck with drywall contractors twice already so I trust nobody. 

Thank you in advance
Hello! Are this mold or dirt? I’m new to this so would love to know your thoughts and how to differentiate them! 
Milgard Trinsic vs Marvin Essentials slider windows? We are adding several 5’x5’ slider windows to our dining room and have narrowed down our options to either Marvin Essentials (fiberglass) or Milgard Trinsic (vinyl). Marvin is slightly more expensive but not by enough to choose Milgard for the savings. The person we’re working with didn’t really have much to say about differences in quality but recommended Milgard for their warranty. 

We like both windows and are wondering about personal experiences with either. Thanks!
Sliding glass door stain???! Help! We just bought our house and during the walk through we saw the door , asked it to be replaced but they said no because it was actually brand new and we tried to clean this weird stain off and nothing has worked!! What is it ? And how can I fix it ? We tried goo gone, Lysol, and glass cleaner , nothing worked :(
New homeowner, looking to sealcoating my driveway, what kind of product should I use? 
Doorbell info This is the third one of these I've bought to replace the existing door bell. None of the replacements work. They're all brand new. The doorbell light works in all of them but when you press it won't ding the bell. Any insight is appreciated.
What is this for? It's almost up at the ceiling, so not easily reachable and it's just outside the bathroom.
Need to replace my Chimney chasetop. Contractor says 26 Guage galvanized steel is what they offer. Is this good? 
I need help designing a mud-free walkway to the pool. Small caveat in the comments. 
Are these light switches available in the US? The title says it all. I saw these light switches in a picture, and was wondering if these are typical, or available, in the US. They do not seem to be so, but wanted to ask someone more familiar with us. Any help is appreciated.
How to Modernize? This is my house, just stole a pic from the listing when I bought it. But im finding that I HATE these sliding closet doors. They're on every closet in this house- what style would modernize it best and make it functional still?
How would you fix this? 
Removing deadbolt lifted paint on metal door. Any fix possible? 
Electric baseboard heating- Honeywell aube Th106 thermostat not working, need a better replacement/ smart thermostat if possible 

Hi. I have Aube TH106 Electric Heating 7-Day Programmable Thermostat that is malfunctioning. The heat was continuously on during the hot summer and setting/resetting it didn’t work. I finally turned off the breaker to stop it. This is for electric baseboard heating in my bedroom. I already spoke to Mysa thermostat company and they said their thermostat doesn’t support the thermostat with 2 wires only. Can I get better thermostat recommendations that is easy to program? Also any possible recommendations on smart thermostats that works with this? 

This is the Amazon link for the thermostat I have.  Aube TH106 Electric Heating 7-Day Programmable Thermostat https://a.co/d/7DmkrwI
What’s the Best Way to Connect Range Hood to Exhaust Vent Near Floor? My place had an existing perforation and exhaust vent to the outside, but there was no ducting connected to it. Now I want to connect a range hood, but it looks like the easiest way to do it would result in the ducting being exposed between the countertop and cabinet. 

Any other ideas on how to approach this? Is there a reason why the perforation would be near the floor and not higher?

Thanks in advance!
Goodman Central AC. Hi All, Relative new homeowner here with a newbie question. 
My AC stopped working. ( I have another zone which is working).

When I turn the thermostat on, the "fan" here doesn't run. Seems like it's not getting power?I tried changing thermostat batteries, wires behind thermostat look ok, checked the breaker, on/off etc.  Behind this unit I see the wire slightly 'frayed'.  

Please help if there's anything basic I need to check/be aware of before calling in some professionals.
What kind of tile is this? What kind of tile is this and is it possible that the tile or grout has asbestos in it? Found this on an old farmer's porch, underneath hardwood. House is from 1900. 

https://preview.redd.it/ylgwxr5swbeb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=2ceeb4f69a8758ebea29ce9a7435d92f28c83992

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
Cat scratched out bottom of doors from my rental. They’re cheap doors and now there’s like cardboard fraying. How do I fix this? Thanks!
Removing old paint drops on wood floor Looking to get rid of these paint stains on our floor. They are pretty much everywhere in my apartment. The last woman who lived here didn’t put down any tarp when painting and left it for the next person. Is there any options other than scraping them off and damaging the floor?
Dishwasher started flooding under my sink last night and I found the drain hose not connected to anything. How should I approach this? Came back from a walk & noticed water flowing out from under my sink area. Turned off the power and cleared out the cabinet & noticed the hose (1st pic) loose under the sink. I found where it should go and slid it back in to the pipe, but it doesn't seem like this set up is 100% right.

Also, when trying to unplug the dishwasher from the extension cord it was plugged into (after I turned the power off to that outlet), the plug wouldn't come out of the extension cord. I pried it out with a screwdriver & the prongs stayed in the extension cord.

The entire platform and sides of the cabinet under the sink are soft and wet. Also, the baseboard under the cabinet has water damage as well.

What steps should I take to fix this? I was thinking:

1. Contact the dishwasher manufacturer to get a new cord & have that installed.

2. Contact a plumber to make sure all the connections in the dishwasher are appropriately installed.

3. Contact a contractor to replace the cabinetry under the sink as well as the baseboard.

Any thoughts or suggestions?
Concerns over insulating a room that was previously garage I moved into a cute (small) 1950s home a few years back. The one car garage had been converted into living space at some point prior and it's now my art studio. It's on the opposite side of the house from the thermostat, and I feel the temp fluctuations in there the most. I've also come to find out the sheetrock is extremely thin! I'm having a mini-split quoted to add to that room, but was thinking it might also be beneficial to rip out the drywall, and put insulation and standard-thickness drywall in before putting in the mini-split. I've read so many different things on whether or not to add insulation to older homes... because they weren't made for it and it will just trap moisture in the walls. The exterior of my home has hardboard siding and I live in West Texas, if that matters..... Was hoping someone with some experience with older homes could give me their thoughts. 
Floor concerns For about a year now, the damage on the left side of our floor has been growing (it used to look like the right horizontal wood). My husband isn’t concerned—he says it’s just the binding coming off—whereas I’m worried it’s something nefarious, especially because the wood itself looks discolored. Does anyone have an idea of what might be going on?
Wet spot on trim. Has not dried out or changed in a month or so. Through lots of rain. There was a leak on the other side of the wall, and new roof was installed a couple months ago. That area has not been wet since new roof. Any ideas?
Suggestions on how to polish this out The middle support in my couch didn’t have padding and created these nice divots in my new wood floors. Any suggestions on how to fix this and blend it in with the other wood? 

The wood is tongue and groove abs looks like it has a slight bevel around the edges. 

Thanks!
Why is r/Home subreddit pinned to top of subreddit list? [META] Since about few years i constantly see this subreddit(Home) at top of subreddit list https://old.reddit.com/subreddits/ despite it being much smaller and less active than anything on frontpage. What is the reason? is this some promotion on behalf of admins or some advertising deal?

It started 29Jan2020 according to archive

https://web.archive.org/web/20200129232149/https://old.reddit.com/subreddits/
Terminex is Awful I have recently gotten terminex and I am so displeased with their services. I have a termite problem and obviously wanted to take care of it as soon as possible. I’ve had Orkin before but Terminex seemed to offer more protection. Due to the termites I have seen some minimal damage to my house. The technician comes does what he is supposed to do and leaves. I still see termite activity and the damage has gotten worse. I may not know much but I would like to think that if a professional comes to your home to fix a problem then the problem will be fixed when they leave. I try to contact the terminex technician; radio silence. I called to make another appointment, they day of they’re a no show. Despite me calling in twice to verify the appointment. Make another appointment they don’t come again. They are an incredibly expensive, non-effective company and I am sickened that I have to be in a contract with them for the next year. I read their reviews on the BBB website: horrible! Everyone has a similar story.
I have dust mites So per my post history, I have been having really bad itching issues. My dad suggested that I probably have some sort of microscopic mites. I recently cleaned my mattress with vinegar and baking soda and got an anti-mite mattress casing to be on the safe side, although I had my doubts that mites were the cause of my problems.

Surprise surprise! I just spotted two visible sized mites crawling on my sheets beside me while lying down! Convinced that dust mites are the issue after all. Good to know I found the cause of my itching but I’m only 19 and clueless, no idea how to permanently get rid of them. For the record, I got the anti-mite mattress casing about two weeks ago, and I also washed my bed sheets and duvet before putting them over the improved mattress. So I’m guessing that mites aren’t completely killed from being thrown in a wash and dry cycle. Am I going to have to buy new bed sheets and duvet and throw out my old ones? If so will the mites be gone for good? Or is it possible they could come from another source? I have pet birds, but after changing my sheets I moved the cage away from my bed and on the other side of my room to be safe— plus they don’t act itchy or like they have any skin irritation. I will admit I have a bit of a messy room, but it’s not like I leave food out or anything I can imagine that would attract bugs. I want to be clean and make sure I get rid of my itching problem for good. I want these little shits GONE! What can I do?
Best way to address paint chips on ceiling? 
New rehab 
Wooden flooring getting wet with rain… is this bad? Hi, hope you’re well. I installed some of these wooden interlocking deck tiles in my Florida room recently on top of concrete, but wind gusts bring rain through the screen. My concern is that water collecting underneath the tiles. Is this likely to cause issues for the wood, like mold or rot?
Experience with Spray Foam Insulation in roof/attic? We have a second story which was added into the attic. It can’t get below 80 on a hot day. I’ve been looking at spray foam insulation for the interior roof. Does anybody have experience with this scenario? Did it help? What was the cost per sqft? TIA!
Quarter sized holes in my backyard, Phoenix Az. Any ideas of what bug would do this? 
New Build Garage Finishing Hi all,

Is this normal for a new build garage, or should it be “finished” more. 

I’m honestly clueless, but it seems to me that this is an incredibly rough state (in addition, the final photo is the bottom of the wall too ur utility room, should this not be sealed at the bottom?)

Thank you!
The inner frame to my back door is starting to rot. The gap is about a quarter of an inch. Is this something that I should get a contractor for it or easy enough to handle on my own? 
Just Going To Scrap The Popcorn Ceiling Off I’m tired of this shit. I have popcorn ceiling in my bedroom and the house was built in 1977. My parents say it isn’t so if it is or isn’t I don’t care. Too much toxic shit in the world anyways. No I’m not getting it sampled because it’s too complicated and apparently I can’t read. I’m just scraping it off.
Underground wiring Hey all,
     New property and noticed they ran electric from garage to the deck. The wiring is only a few inches deep in dirt. It is not inside any pipe. I can access it pretty easily and have replaced outlets and switches and other lights. What is the best material to run it inside of?
What material was used along the floor? 
Shade for this type of lighting? Is there any type of shade I could mount around this light on my kitchen ceiling? The light is very harsh and does not feel very cozy. Would have to be a renter friendly solution!
Is this mold? I walked into the room I’m renting, and all of a sudden it smelt bad. Like I walked out and then walked back in and it smelt bad. I went out grocery shopping and it still smelt bad so I put in my wall plug febreeze. I liked it up and it said it could be mold and I’m really worried now cause I don’t have a dehumidifier and it’s a very hot and humid place cause we don’t have air conditioner or even any vents for air to circulate. The pictures aren’t very good but this is what I got.
Results of Lead Encapsulation Work - Worth Complaining About? Possible to safely remedy on my own? 
Tankless hot water heater Currently have an old electric hot water heater. Thinking of switching to a tankless. Is it worth it? I understand it takes a little bit to heat up the water but not an issue. Also located in central Florida is that is relevant.
Is this outlet dangerous if it’s not being used? Had an air fryer plugged in that had a faulty cable.
Sparked a bit then lit on fire. I unplugged it right away but it looks like the outlet melted.
Is this dangerous even if it’s not being used?
Do I need to replace it right away?

I’ve replaced light switches before, is there anything specific I need to know about replacing an outlet out?
Roof vent leaks - likely installed poorly. About two years ago, I had a family member install a new roof for only the cost of materials. It was the best option at the time, given costs. However, both of the bathroom vents leak. And one of the vent pipes broke off in a storm. Scared of heights, I braved the ladder up and this is what I see. Obviously it looks off. Best course of action to replace this? Is it something a non pro could do? Should I just recaulk and replace the part? 
Thanks  in advance! I'm more used to indoor self repairs, not out. 

For reference, he used and insisted on a silicon caulk. Instead of the rubber tube pipes, he used metal chimney pipes that were L shaped. The other vent is intact, but also leaks.
Double glazing Hi there. I am looking at getting double glazing and I am wondering what other people’s experience is with it. I live in Perth Western Australia. I live in a ground floor apartment so the consideration of the slab above means there will always be heat loss to the slab but I’m wondering if double glazing is worth it since I don’t think it’s going to increase the value of my property and I’m not sure how long I will live here for so unsure about spending on the comfort while I’m living there maybe a couple more years. Thanks!
Spackle? Shower curtain rod holder pulled out of the wall. Will spackle do the job to fill the hole?  It’s about an inch wide.
Hopper window - side open or top open? Getting an egress window installed in the basement bedroom. Unfortunately the only option is a hopper window that opens in. Which is better - one that opens to the side or upwards? I’ve heard from different reps that one is better than the other (some say top, others side) - looking for the tightest seal to help with insulating (northern climate).

Both are the same price.

Thanks!
Strange line of dead grass in front lawn What is going on here. The soil on top of the brown grass is noticeably soft.
how does this window work? trying to understand how this window is suppose to open.  need to clear out the paint but not sure which direction it opens or if the metal portion is a lock. thanks for any assistance.
Knocked a piece of drywall out to fix a hole, and this was on the backside…should I be worried? For context, it’s an old house built in the 1930s. Accidentally dented a piece of my drywall, cut it out to replace and patch the section, and I noticed this black mold looking substance on the inside of the drywall piece. Is that normal to have that on the interior of the drywall, or normal for houses that are nearly 100 years old, or should I be concerned?
What do you suppose this is doing? 
What are these indented lines all over my house? They’re on the walls and ceilings 
Any ideas on how to install this shelf on the wall? 
Water leaking into the house. Contractor insists it is through roof, I think it is the window. Any idea how much the damage would be to fix this? 
Looking to buy a mini split because HVAC has gone out I’ve looked these up until I’m blue in the face. I’m going cross eyed. I do not have the money for a new HVAC unit, so I think this might be a good alternative. My problem is I need a 4 zone unit, but the cheapest I’ve found is $3k which is a good price, I just can’t afford that. Not all at once. Can I buy a 4 zone compatible condenser and then just buy the wall units one at a time as I can afford it? 
Thank you everyone for taking the time to read my post.
Electrical Problem Without any interaction, the electric in a bathroom stopped working. Testing a receptacle, both the sides show voltage while in other rooms only one side show voltage. What would cause this?
Thinking about a generator and interlock kit for our frequent power outages - do I even have room in this panel or would I need a new panel? Would that answer change much if I could re-purpose the RV/Camper hookup to feed power from the gen to the panel? 
How to remove garage door frame? I want to replace existing garage doors with rollup doors to be able to park my cars. I am having contractor doing install, but he will proceed after existing doors are removed and the frame is ready for rollup door install. I am having hard time with finding contractor to do just that, so I am think to complete this task myself. Just don’t want to create damage. Any input appreciated!
Broken door frame, need help putting back on I accidentally broke my door frame. Can anyone advise how to put it back on please. Thank you!
Paint coming off of metal handrail. How can I fix this? I wouldn't mind painting it a different color like black either. 
General code question: can electrical conduit and a water line be laid in the same trench? Have about 80’ of trench to dig and would hate to do it twice.
How to repair this part of the door? Many thanks Cat scratch. Do I just need to simply repaint it ?
In the future I might be moving to a new house. Can anyone suggest a good hammock? So I don't know for sure. But in the future my mother might be getting a new place, and instead of a bed, I wanna get a hammock. But I don't know of any good, affordable hammocks. There's a ton on Amazon...buuut I don't really trust Amazon that much. So can anyone suggest a strong, affordable, and possibly easy to set up hammock for indoor spaces? It can either be a hammock you string up on a wall, or a hammock that's on a stand. I don't mind either option to be honest.
Recommended mid-priced cutting tool for large IKEA panels I’m inquiring about the best mid-priced cutting tool for large IKEA panels and filler pieces (for a large IKEA Enkoping pantry).  I want to make precise and clean cuts. I say mid-priced because Harbor Freight’s lowest line is usually too rickety for me and I’m not a carpenter that needs the best thing available for a an actual workshop.  Just a dude in a condo that needs the right (safe and reliable) tool for the job.

Example piece:
https://www.ikea.com/us/en/p/enkoeping-cover-panel-white-wood-effect-80505930/

I don’t typically work with pieces this big or on pieces that are on display (I can rip a board just fine).  I currently have a circular saw and a jigsaw but if I need to I’ll buy a table (or other type) saw and/or cutting guides.  I don’t have a ton of room for storage of it when not in use, but I know buying one would be cheaper than hiring someone (especially around here).  

I don’t have large work tables so advise if I need saw horses or a particular type of table setup.

Thanks
What would be the best way to tackle this unsightly window A/C unit mess? 
Bathroom being redone and contractor found the bathroom fan vents don’t actually go outside which caused some mold. How serious is this and what’s the best course of action? He didn’t seem to worried just told me to spray it with mold killer. 
Recs for refinishing metal patio furniture? I inherited a metal patio dining set that has seen a lot of sun, and now shows a lot of wear / oil stains after meals that requires scrubbing for cleanup. Any recommendations for restoring the painted finish, or alternatively, for repainting it? The coating hasn’t started flaming off - it just has lost its protective outer coating and now seems to be a little porous.
What is this? New home no idea what this does 
Garbage disposal drain plumbing build up Garbage disposal p trap drain had build up on the collar. Took everything apart and dont see any evident blockages in either the pipes or fisposal itself. What could be causing the build up and gunk on the fitting itself?
Anything method I can do to keep algae from growing inside water fountain that’s animal safe? 
What is this strange crack/peeling on the ceiling without a drywall? 7-year-old two-story house. This is the bedroom ceiling on the first (bottom) floor. The top of this is a second-floor bedroom, not the roof:

[https://imgur.com/a/wheledp](https://imgur.com/a/wheledp)

We bought the house about a year ago. Nothing on the disclosures. I discovered this crack/peeling today, but it could have happened 0-4 months ago because I don't use this room much.

I do not know when the ceiling was last painted.

The crack/peeling does not extend to any wall.

What's really confusing to me is: the peeling stuff looks like paint, and the yellow thing looks like a wood plank. So where is my ceiling drywall? I thought usually you hang a drywall so there should be drywall between the wood and the paint.

What do you think the cause is? Structural issues of ceiling sagging? Leaking water (didn't see any sign of it although it may have dried between occurrence and now)? No biggie because it's just paint peeling and some joint compound, sanding and repainting will fix it?

What kind of professionals should I look for? Plumber? Structural engineer? 

Thank you very much for you help!
How to finish tub/surround? Home is 60yrs old. New tub and surround barely fit into existing alcove. The surround flange comes out to the finished edge of the drywall on one side, the other side it is very close the window. Just wondering the best way to finish this.

Can I use drywall on the flange where the wall is perpendicular, then use reinforced drywall corner and finish it as a normal wall? Would it be better to just slap another layer of drywall on the perpendicular wall so that the flange isn't so close to the edge? If I do this the finished wall will be insanely close to the door trim.

The other wall, if I put a regular depth sheet of drywall on the surround flange it won't be flush with the existing drywall by the toilet, it will be nearly 1/4 inch farther out and would prob require the whole wall be redrywalled + window trim be removed and reinstalled.

Also not sure how to finish against the edges of the tub, either with the walls or the floor. There is 1 inch gap between flooring and tub apron.

Thank you
What insect would cause this? Just found this on our wood deck this morning. There is a hole above it where I assume all of it fell out of. I believe the deck rails are made of cedar. We’ve had a few carpenter ants around but had them treated about 4 weeks ago. Any idea what might have done this?
Technician says he can’t clean my interior AC evaporator coils without charging me $500, is this true? Hey folks, my AC is giving off a musty smell. I had a technician out today to check the system and he said the smell is most likely coming from the evaporator coils inside the unit shown in the picture, but claims that in order for him to clean it he would have to charge $500 to “tear into custom plenum” and perform the service, possibly involving some metal fabrication to re-seal. 

I did some research about cleaning coils on older units after he left, and I found a set of instructions stating to remove the access panel by removing the metal tape which seals the panel. Is that not what I have going on here (see pic)? Why would he have to “tear into the custom plenum” and why would he have to custom fabricate anything to re-seal when it looks like they would just put it back together with new tape?
How to clean refinished tub? My dad and I refinished the tub in my apt recently, it seems like some dust got stuck to it while it was drying (not much but enough to make it feel sort of uneven under my feet). What should I use to clean it in general? Should I sand it with a high grit to make it smoother? Idk what to do here
Best Way to Mount new doorbell Replacing old doorbell with a new ring doorbell camera. Want to keep it at the same spot due to wiring. 

The surface is slightly uneven along the right side. What would be the best method to even it out? The ring doorbell camera is larger than the original doorbell so it won’t fit in the same slot. If I mount it as is then the wires would be exposed. Using a wedge angled mount. 

Option 1 - cutting out some of the wood on the right side to make it even. what would be the best tool for that? 

Option 2 - adding a thin layer of ply wood to make it even in the area. Would there be a better material for this?
Anyone know how to fix this? Sorry for the pics, it's really hard to see in the camera but the wood in my table has bubbled up in an area. Any idea on a solution?
Mold underneath deck? Is this mold growing on the underside of my deck? If so, what should I do about it?
I've got mold I've got discoloration of the baseboard next to my shower which had me concerned about water getting through the gap by the shower door.

Further investigation had me move a dresser in the corner of the bedroom on the other side of the shared wall and this is what I found.

Any tips on where to go from here? Any idea on how big the problem might be? I know we'll need to cut out some drywall and replace.
Trying to create ventilation in the kitchen The exhaust tube through the roof is off-center from the hood. I've been using a carbon filter since I installed the new hood (replaced a microwave/hood combo). But would really love to finish this project correctly. It gets real grimey up there. 

Anyone have any advice how to build a proper in-cabinet chimney tube for this situation?
Should I be worried? I recently noticed a crack in the foundation. Should I be worried? This picture is from the backyard opposite to the garage. The house was built in the 80's.
Roommates had a dinner party, said they placed hot dishes there / had alcohol bottles standing / used all purpose cleaner... Anyone know what happened exactly and how to repair? Many thanks. Stone/marble fireplace top with black-painted surface. 
Basement temperature 

At what celcius do you keep you basement all year long?

Is 20 celcius (68 fahrenheit )good?
Sealing concrete drive to stone foundation? We're staying with the in-laws in Pittsburgh who recently (2 years ago?) had their driveway redone. MIL just asked me this morning about a gap where the drive meets the stone foundation where she's concerned about water and bugs possibly entering. 

I assume there's some sort of elastic exterior caulking or sealant they could get to seal it up but I had no specific recommendation. 

Anyone have tips or a specific product that would work well here? Many thanks.
Is there any DIY solutions for old radiator covers with rust? F'ed around and found out scrubbing with "non-abrasive" cleaner takes off the paint Husband and I are both fairly capable with DIY, any ideas or tips would be very appreciated 🙏
Hanging with metal studs? My wife bought a yoga trapeze that hangs from the ceiling. We were doing so stud finding in the basement and discovered that our studs are metal (through the stud finder). I know we need to use a cobalt drill bit to drill into it, but how can we know how much weight the studs can support? I believe these are structural to hold up the floor above, but don't want to do anything that may compromise the structural integrity of the ceiling due to the weight it will be holding.
Water heater burst. How to clean? 
How to change bathroom lightbulb Moved to a new home and noticed the bathroom light was out. When we removed the cover to add a new lightbulb, we saw this. What type of lightbulb is this??
What is munching on my attic? 
Right way do add window treatments here? We want to cover the windows. One long curtain rod or three separate valences with curtains? If one rod, set at ceiling height or  at the height of the middle window?
What tiles are best fitted for bathroom walls? 
How do I fix this? The concrete in my house is peeling/flaking whatever coating is on it. I think it’s an epoxy resin. 
How much discrepancy do you typically see between contractors estimates for a job? We’re currently in the midst of getting some estimates from contractors to rebuild our deck and add a screened in porch onto part of it. I’ve gotten 3 quotes from 3 different contractors so far and I’m really confused by how much they differ.

The first guy quoted us $13,000 but also told us when he was at the house that his “daily rate” was $450 which seemed…off (I’ve never heard of a contract charging a daily rate and that seems like it would incentivize a long drawn-out job).

Second guy came out and quoted us $80,000 and I couldn’t help but laugh in his face.

Third guy quoted us $44,000 but that price is with us doing all the demo/debris removal.

After getting these 3 quotes I’m wondering how there could be a $67,000 discrepancy between the quotes. Is that normal? 

I know costs vary a lot based on your location but if anyone is in the vicinity of Charlotte, NC and is a contractor or knows the industry better than I do and could guesstimate how much they think a job like this would cost, I’d sure appreciate any insight you could give me.

The deck is 14’x50’ with one staircase with a 5’x5’ landing. The screened in porch would be 14’x20’ with a gabled roof extending to just below the second floor windows. We’d be using treated lumber for the boards and joists.
Thanks!
How do I fix this hinge? I can't find an exact replacement online (these have oval holes on one side to make adjustment easier). They go on the plantation shutters in the background. What's the best way to go about fixing the hinge (red arrow) without messing up irreparably? Thanks!
Mushrooms growing after basement flooded Denver, CO area here. A couple of weeks ago, the crawlspace under my basement floor flooded when the sump pump failed. I replaced the sump pump and it drained the space no problem. 

We left for vacation for two weeks and I came back to these things. 

How concerned should I be? Are there home remedies or do I need to hire professionals? The cat’s litter box is near this, but other than that we aren’t in the basement too often. I truly appreciate any advice. Thanks!
Question about permitting Ok so. My wife and I bought a 1916 craftsman and completed a studs up renovation. I fully admit we did not file for the permits required. Later I filed for a permit to move the main service from one side of the house to the other. Permit was issued and the work was completed. After the inspection I was told that I was under permit enforcement because there appeared to be work completed without a permit. I was honest and admitted to work done without a permit and filed the permits retroactively per their direction. I got a bunch of the permits signed off and closed, however the plumbing inspector is refusing to sign of unless I expose every pipe in the house including cutting open the slab (no I did not do any plumbing under the slab, though I understand I am responsible for all work completed weather by me or not). I tried to reason with him and offered to have it scoped ect but he is unwilling to proceed. 

My question is: Do I have to close the permit?! What can happen if I don't? I understand I will have to disclose unpermitted work when selling and that COULD affect the sale price...is there anything else? My main concern is that I want to build an attached garage, with permits of course, I learned my lesson....can they hold my garage project/permit hostage because I don't close my plumbing permit?

TLDR: Can not closing a permit lead to you not being able to get and close other permits in the future?

&#x200B;

Thank you all for your input.
Anyone have any idea how to remove this light fixture so I can change the lightbulb? 
The tan holders are screwed in from the inside, and won’t budge.  I’m at a loss.
What’s the best way to seal this gap in window screen? I bought the pop-in window screen from flex screen but the sides seems to bend a little inward so it doesn’t seal the window.
Draining water heater Tried to drain my water heater, turned off cold supply and opened the drain line. It’s a 40 gallon tank and I felt like it was taking a long time so I checked the meter and water was running. Any idea why this would happen?
Wood beam softening and paint cracking Ignore the bird nest lol. This look concerning to you?
Mounting Curved Shower Rod to tub I believe my tub is acrylic and I am trying to mount a curved shower curtain to it. Am I able to just drill into the acrylic walls to install? The rod I bought says not to, but it looks like there’s solid walls on each side? I don’t want to drill the holes if it will ruin the acrylic walls. Anyone have any advice?
Is this an acceptable gap/design? I am in the midst of renovating my half bath.  I wanted to keep the 28” vanity since it is good quality wood.  I got a 30.5”white countertop (see pictures) that will have a bit of overhang.  I didn’t want a larger vanity since it’s be tight with the toilet.  The previous countertop spanned the whole wall length and the vanity was flush against the wall.  I’d like to have the new countertop flush like in the pictures, but have the vanity pulled a bit away for symmetry which produces a gap around 1.25” to the wall. Does it look okay?  I don’t want to pull them away from the wall because the toilet would be so close and I’d feel cramped sitting there.
How can I cover this doorbell chime Removed wallpaper in kitchen, which revealed a functioning doorbell chime. Any suggestions on how I can cover or conceal this?
Accordion Pipe We’re doing a full home renovation and our contractor just put in our bathroom sinks. R/plumbing has taught me to fear accordion pipes - is this ok?
Why is reddit doing this I thought that we have the right to answer questions from anyone 
French drain in basement For some reason the last owner put spray foam in the French drain channel and all around the cover to the sump pump… so I have no idea how they thought it would actually drain water.

I have removed most of the spray foam in the channel, but I am not sure what to do once I pull up the ‘cover’. Just create a new cover which allows water in, or other ideas?

I was also planning on leaving the channel open, but maybe it should have a grate of some sort? The basement does not really get moisture in it, so I am ok with just leaving it for now. Maybe a bug attractor though.
I decided to open our well pit for the first time after a bad rain storm. I'm guessing this isn't normal? 
Whirlpool hot water heater is leaking from the top. Rusty water coming out from the insulation below the cold water connection. Anyone have any experience with this? I’m assuming its probably toast but just wanted to check. Less than five years old as well but only purchased the house 9 months ago 
Did I fuck up? So I got bored today and decided to compulsively repaint an ugly accent wall from a previous owner. I didn't realize until after I already put a layer of primary on that I don't know how to prime a wall. I'm just wondering if the job I did Is ok or if I need to do more. Thx yall.
YKK Window Glass Replacement upper sash on a single hung Anybody know if single hung window glass on the  upper sash can be replaced?
Attic access ideas In order to access my attic I have to remove a solid wood bookshelf and my sons belongings. Any ideas for an easier access door of some kind?
former hoarder house smell issue not sure if anyone will have possible solutions but here’s the situation. november 2022 i moved into a house that until october 2022 was being lived in by a couple who were major hoarders. we’re talking trash to your knees in the entire house, unbelievable rat infestation, smokers who smoked in the house, etc. they lived here for about 20 years before my dad (the landlord and now my landlord) evicted them. for the entire month of october my dad recovered the entire house, ripped up all the floors replaced the any drywall with mold, replaced all appliances etc. since this we have still had issues with a lingering smell. all the walls have been painted with KILZ and we have recently used an Ozone machine and let it run in the house for a good 36 hours and still there is a dusty old smell. previously it was more of a sour smell but the ozone machine did help a little bit now it’s more mild but still not inviting. any advice as to how to get my house to not smell like this anymore?!
What type of material is this driveway — Concrete or asphalt? Thank you so much! 
replacing lock cylinders all around the house I have 3 doors with 3 different keys. I would like to replace them all so that they have the same key, however with them being different brands and different types and colors I am not sure if I can do that. One is a bronze finish front door and the other 2 are normal utility doors with deadbolts. I found a kwikset 2 door hardware kit that I can use on the side doors but the front door has a bronze handle on it that wouldn't match the silver locks on the other doors. Can I possibly have the front cylinder re-keyed to match the other 2? Is there a kit that I can do that with or do I need a locksmith? 
Cracks in brick Should these cracks worry me?
Washing machine not filling with water I shut the water supply to the machine off before a camping trip and my wife ran it while the supply was off (new home for us and the shut offs aren't the same as our last place and I forgot to mention it). Anyway, I turned the supply back on when she said it sounded weird and restarted the cycle. It worked fine. Now a day later and it won't fill. The supply lines seem fine and I checked the little filter deal on the machine (behind the water line) and it looks okay. Anyone know what may be the issue here?
Help identify what is this?! 
How to get rid of the smell of animal pee. More in comments 
Discovered latex paint was used to paint over this tile bathroom wall and ceramic soap dish. Does this whole wall need to be stripped before repainting with epoxy? This used to be beige and is almost completely scraped away. Looking for a resolution for this bath/shower wall that would last 5 years. I have a few Rustoleum refinishing kits available.
Leaf guard gutters with redwood trees? I've got several redwood trees by my house.  The leaves/needles are sort of hooked and very grabby.  I worry that getting gutters covered with mesh will just give the leaves something to grab on to.  

Anyone experience with a situation like this?
Need Help with Drainage Ideas Dealing with water puddling in the side on my yard  (in the full shaded area) due to neighbors yard pitch and down spout. I don’t have gutters, so I’m think of digging a ditch for rocks all along the side of the house and pitched away from the house but first time homeowner trying to figure it out!
First time buying a house any tips? I am 22 and Im going to be buying a home.  Does anyone have any tips for upkeep anything i should look out for, DIY stuff, or anything lol?
How Do I Replicate This Paint Texture? I am renovating our home's exterior wall and had to cut out a large section of it.

The old wood that I removed from the wall looks to be some type of MDF board. It appears there is no texturing behind the paint, or stucco, etc. It appears to just be a few layers of paint. See [imgur pictures here](https://imgur.com/a/e6SoolZ)

How would I go about replicating this texture using only paint on wood? Or would I need to apply a texture (kind of like a drywall texture) and then paint? This is for a wall that is outside the home so if I need to use texturing it needs to be water/weatherproof
Roof Replacement Question Hello, I had my concrete tile roof replaced, however, the roofer did not replace the flashing.  When I inquired, I was told they will install walk-a-flex flashing when they return to lay the tiles in September, and they cannot replace the metal flashing, as it would require a teardown of the new underlayment. 
 My concern is that I've had several leaks, with the most recent, due to bad/damaged flashing.  
Is walk-a-flex flashing as good as metal flashing and is it now being used in place of metal flashing?  
Your responses are appreciated.  Thank you.
Any advice on fixing this? I just bought this house and the old owners appeared to be really into DIY-ing. Well they did a terrible job on this shower. The grout not only appears to be cracking, but the backsplash in some places has separated from the shower paneling entirely. Is there a budget friendly way of fixing this myself? Or perhaps any contractors can give be a quote on what this might cost to have a professional fix it?
Window screens question I just had windows installed along with new screens. Every single screen has slits at the corners where the screen frame comes together almost* Is this normal, if so - what purpose does it serve? Please see picture for reference.
Large tree branches fell on roof, not damage visible from inside/attic, do I call roofer or tree removal first? Have a tree next to our house that lost most of its branches in a recent storm and a good portion of them fell and rolled/slid down our roof while a few are still on the roof (will probably need to get the tree removed as it’s likely dying if so many of the branches fell). 

My brain says roofer first, for them to assess damage and take pictures in the event an insurance claim is needed. 

Then to call tree removal service to take care of the dying tree and remove the branches and debris from the roof.

Wanted second opinion as I am a first time home owner and just want a confidence check on this.

Thanks in advance!
I need help Mini Split replacement issues I had a LG MiniSplit installed 5 years ago over the wood siding the house came with. Two years ago I had the siding replaced with vinyl. Two months ago my MiniSplit started making awful noise like clicking when it’s on in whatever mode. Spoke to two different local installers as the original installer is now out of business. Only one has the time to send a guy out, at the time I thought it needed to be cleaned and serviced. Found out the LG has a recall and is under warranty. Its damn hot and I was already considering getting a second unit installed on the other side of the house so agreed to have both jobs done after much back and forth about the availability of replacement units and the timing of install (I have a vacation planned in August.) Set a date, new unit install, warranty unit replaced same day. 

Today is the day. Guys show up, are sub contractors for this company. Install secondary unit upstairs, all good, quick, efficient, and knowledgeable. Suddenly work stops, figure they’re taking a break but decide to go check out what’s going on. Come to find they can’t take out the old unit as the siding guy worked over top of the lines they need access to. The original technician that came out to “service” the LG unit was supposed to take pictures, and assess the site for replacing the unit. He didn’t want rather “need” to go out side to see the unit and assured me it would be a easy install. So these guys called the office and we’re told not to touch my siding, to pack up and leave. The company office won’t answer their phone and I have no way of contacting them otherwise. 

Here’s where I need help. I don’t know what to do from here, I’m damn angry, just spent thousands of dollars and didn’t even get the original job I requested done. If the first service guy had done his job I would have been able to call the guys that did my siding to get it ready for today. Now I’m stuck with a broken unit in my living room and no idea what I should be demanding from this company. Their service guy messed up, by not taking all the information they need. I hate to add qualifiers to this but I’ve experienced it over and over again, I am a single woman with only the support of my adult daughter, I feel I’ve been taken advantage of. I don’t want to pay a bill to have my siding pulled off or fixed or whatever needs to happen, I just want to be able to sit in my living room without melting in the summer heat. 

I guess I just need advice. The pictures are of the old unit, the siding, and the covers. If anyone knows about this stuff can give me an idea of what to expect, or how they think I can move forward I’d really appreciate it.
Can anyone identify this? Found a bunch of them on the carpet and one on the windowsill. 
Are my windows tempered? My house had Harvey replacement windows installed about a dozen years ago. How can I tell if they are safety glass (without using a brick or hammer)?

Many thanks.
Smell after mitigation installation 
Having radon mitigation system installed currently and there’s this plastic/acetone smell throughout the house, is this normal and for how long is this gonna last?
Is this black mold? It was behind some wood paneling in a small "hut" in my back yard. I  just bought the house in December and I'm just now getting around to fixing up this hut for my wife to use. But i was removing some cracked wood paneling and this was underneath. The Hut is in general disrepair but this is the only place I've seen this mold...or rot?
My home feels like a cheap apartment, where and how do I start? Hi everyone, I'm looking on some advice on how to make my home feels less like a cheap "landlord special" apartment and more like a well put together home. We plan on living in this house another 5 to 10 years at the most.

My fiance and I bought our small 1080 sq ft 120+ year old home last june, and I have noticed a lot of little things that kind of make me unhappy about it. From the pictures, the trim/baseboards all around the house are poorly maintained with what seems like multiple layers of pain over them. The outlets and light switches are popping off the wall or crooked and not flush with the wall. The door frames are uneven, chipping, and generally ugly and not fitted well. All the window trims are again painted over very poorly with multiple and large chips missing, and clearly very old wood. The cabinets are also very old (based on old pictures found online they look to be from the 70s or 80s that were originally a pastel pink and we can tell they they same cabinets, just painted), and the pain is already starting to wear off, even on the old handles. The first floor is LVP, which to me feels a bit cheap, but pieces are separated and unevenz and there are large gaps between each piece which are very noticeable and gets dirt and debris stuck in them frequently. In front of the white painted fireplace is a ugly stone hearth with silicone trim around the edge, which is sloppy. The walls have a lot of uneven, grainy like textures randomly through the house and one wall has a horribly ugly slap brush type texture. Not to mention most walls are very crumbly plaster and not drywall so hanging stuff is near impossible. The window in the bathroom is clearly crooked with cracks around the frame. Paint around the cabinets is cracking and peeling on the walls. The last picture is a bit hard to tell what it is, but it is the outside deck that is now nice trex board, but they did not tear out the old rotting wood deck underneath, they just laid the new boards overtop. There are more problems that are hard to take pictures of like very uneven and sinking floors upstairs, a few ungrounded knob and tube wired outlets (which out dumb fuck inspector missed) and draining issues outside in the driveway and a crumbling fieldstone damp basement. The layout of the house also makes it feel much smaller and moving around some places you have to side step to get through. For now the small feeling is fine, but we plan on having a couple children in the next 1-3 years, and realisticly having more than one child in this house would be too hard.

Overall, I feel pretty upset with this house, but I wouldn't go as far as saying i regret buying the house altogether. Just wished we would have paid closer attention to some of the finer details. We were just so excited to find a house for very cheap, but unfortunately it also feels very cheap. What are some worthwhile things I can do to make this house feel more like a home and less like an apartment?
Asking painters for proof of liability insurance. I agreed to have my house painted by a company and signed their quote. When asked for their insurance info they they told me it was in underwriting and I should get it tomorrow. But they are suppose to pick up my deposit for the job today. I've had painters that has give me their insurance info when they did the estimate. Does this seem correct? I know they are doing another job this week somewhere else, why can't they provide me a copy on the spot? It's not too late for me to back out of the job if this seems fishy.
Chimney Estimate Question Ive got a block chimney that has developed cracking in the top 8-10 blocks. I live in a rural part of the North Eastern US, LCOL area. 

Ive had a chimney sweep and a local GC come out to give me repair estimates. 

**The GC:**


Wants to rebuild the whole chimney, pour a new foundation for the chimney. Gave me an estimate of $3,000. He seems to think the issue is caused by the base of the chimney settling because you can trace the cracks all the way to the bottom on the chimney, very faintly. He thinks this would be about a 2 day job. 

**The Chimney Sweep**

Wants to re-line the chimney and then replace the cracked blocks with class A chimney pipe. Quoted me just under $5,000. He thinks the chimney's foundation is fine, water intrusion between the liner and block is the problem. Personally, I think this makes the most sense. 


**My question:**

The GC's plan seems like it would be more work and material, but is somehow $2,000 less than the other plan. I get that the chimney sweep is an expert in Chimneys, so Im paying for their expertise, but something about the economics of estimate being less than half the materials, but still costing 40% more seems odd to me. 

Should I maybe get a third estimate just to compare? What would you do?
Toilet frequently clogs and needs to be plunged Toilet in my house frequently clogs and needs to be plunged.  Much more often than the other 2 and sometimes for a small of poop and toilet paper.  What do I do?  My handyman recommended using some drain cleaner that's rated safe for toilets.  I'm hearing it's a little more complicated to snake out a toilet bc of the tight S bend and it's more fragile.
Sooner or later 
Fire sprinkler cover question 
Can anyone help suggest how to cover my tub jets? We have a nice large bath tub that have jets on the side that don’t work.  Which is fine as we are keeping the tub for now.  But it’s very hard to clean the jets so I was hoping to find some cover I can always keep on top them.  When searching online everything just comes up for drain covers or tub stoppers.  Any ideas?  Thank you!
Struck by Lightning I am almost positive our home was struck by lightning during a storm last night. It was the closest, loudest boom I have ever heard and if it didn’t hit the house, it was definitely extremely close. 

Anyways I’m the morning, I went to find all of the outlets in garage not working and this one specifically was fried. This outlet had out invisible dog fence moderator and hot water heater plugged into - thankfully no fire. 

I tried resetting the breakers and GFCIs in the garage, but nothing worked. I’m just a little confused bc the outlets in the garage are not working but the electric garage door opener still works and everything else in the house still works. Mostly hoping the hot water heater unit isn’t messed up. 

Filed a claim already, but is there anything I can do in the 3 months it will take them to get back to me?
Vinyl Siding Nails Hello. I had vinyl siding installed on my home to replace old wooden siding. Shortly after install, one of the pieces fell off. They return and repaired it. I noticed then nail heads on all the top layers along the front of my home. Is this normal? I thought nails were supposed to be hidden under flashing, etc. I just wanted to confirm.
Renovation Co. asking about credit I need to get some windows and doors replaced. I talked with a company working in my neighborhood about getting an estimate. We made an appointment and on the appointment confirmation call they asked me about my credit. All I said was I was in the excellent category before I really thought about it. But I thought about it afterwards and the more I thought the more I took offense to them asking. Am I being too sensitive? They haven’t even been here yet and we haven’t talked about anything other than me wanting an estimate. 

Is asking about credit before the estimate the norm in the industry? I’m an original owner of new construction way back from 2002. So you know I am needing quite a bit of work done in the coming years.  I’d like to know if this is what I can expect going forward.  

I did cancel the appointment. It just felt weird.
Should it works all year long? Last owner of the house told me to unplug and turn it off   from may to October ? I am a lil bit sceptical about that?
Does anyone think these cracks are of major concern? They are ceiling cracks running relatively straight from one room to the next few through the wall; should I be worried or can I sand fill and paint over them? Any help is appreciated; ty!
Second floor small outdoor patio not draining causing rotting wood. Where do I even start? 
Odd funky smell I noticed this odd smell, I really can't describe it. Like very odd, not gasy at all more like almost a funky feet/sock smell is the best I can describe, like sour cheese but not, if that makes sense, but funky nontheless. At first I thought it was outside because the smell is right next to my window but when I put my nose and smell all around it I don't smell a thing other than the dust form the screen. thing is I've smelt this smell before out in the public. It's been well over 100° idk if that has to do with it. As I'm writing this the last time I smelt it was like 30 mins ago, it would come out of no where and last a few seconds. I hope it all makes sense reading it, the smeel is just so weird.
What could this be but more importantly how do u fix it?? Hello good folks of Reddit. I wanted to get some opinions on this issue I am having as a first time home buyer here in Southern California. So in the process of the final walk through of the house and we noticed that there is a crack on one of the back bed rooms we seen when first started has got worse. You can see them in the two pictures posted. For reference the first one was taken June 11 the second one was taken today. So it’s been about 6 weeks that the crack has changed quiet noticeably. More so not only that but it has now shown cracks within the closet next to it and spreading slightly to the other room as well. Some more quick notes we also had a certified structural engineer come out and look at everything. So the it’s not foundational which is good. Accord to him it could be due to possible sediment movement from water possibly getting underneath the house and/or wind and normal west and tear however he did state that it is unusual that it’s increased so much in such a short period of time. But more than likely it is because of those two factors. The room that the cracks are in to where the closet is located are not barring walls if that helps. Knock down the closet and still not need support. The contractors are supposed to come out again and redo it apparently. But seems like they didn’t do to good of a job the first time. But now my fiancé is worried that if it is sediment movement due to water getting underneath the house that there could be mold under that possible? 



If there is any more details I can provide I’ll try my best. But if the engineer said it’s nothing to worry about how would we fix it and it change even more in the next few months?
Wood stain left too long? My FIL said that “he never wipes the stain off the floors and it just absorbs” so- they didn’t 🙃 I kept telling them they need to cause it says “fast dry” and “wipe after 3-5 minutes”

Welp—-they left it on 

Please help 🥹

Not sure if our best option is to just sand off all the paint and then quickly restain the floors so we don’t hurt them and sand down too far. 

Is there a specific grit of paper to buy that’s best?

I believe the wood floor 3/4 thickness. 

Unsure of the type of wood. I includedpics of the floor and stairs. When I removed all the nails and carpet tacks from the stairs the wood on stairs was rather soft.
Could k trust this to build me a shed? 
Changing a Toilet Seat Shouldn’t Be This Hard I was hoping someone could tell us how to remove these screws installed in our skirted toilets to attach the toilet seat. We have 3 toilets all like this and I’m hoping it doesn’t require filing off the bolt for every one when we want to change the toilet seat. Any idea how to remove these and why someone would have thought they were a good idea to use on a toilet seat?

These skirted toilets have caused us nothing but headaches so far.
How to hang a heavy mirror on a lath and plaster wall? Big screws into the studs? Molly bolts into the lath boards? Those toggle strap things for floating vanities? I can't find anything on YouTube!
CSST Gas Line not Bonded Just got an inspection done and the guy came back with this. Never dealt with natural gas before.

Curious if anyone has ever dealt with this? Is it easy to do yourself? Or should I call someone?
If I do who do I call? Electrician or Plumber? Thanks for advice!
Paint Bubbling Hey All! So I noticed the paint on my ceiling was bubbling. I thought it could be water damage, but I peeled some of off and didn’t see any evidence of water damage. Any reason why the paint would bubble like that? The room is upstairs in my home and above it is the attic.
1/4 inch drill bit stuck in wall Drill bit broke inside a stud. How can I get it out?
What are these small pipes coming out of wall above my garage door? They are currently clogged with sand 
Black grout on tiles Hey, deep clean of the bathroom in a house.

And these aren't coming out. 
Cleaned with foam cleaner left to sit for a couple hours, and a drill brush.

Is this rot? Do I need to replace the tiles? Or can I scrape and re-apply grout? The tiles don't move when pushed.

The faucet wobbles in the wall though. And the housing around the handle is not flush with the wall.

And the oranges stain at the drain of the tub. Can't wash that away either. Is there anything I need to do to the tub if I sand it away?
Can't get anything to stay in drywall I am trying to hang a curtain rod over my living room inset window. For the life of me I cannot get anything to grip well and stay in the drywall around the window. I've tried as straight anchors, screw anchors, and metal anchor screws. Every time I set them and go to hang the rod the anchors and screws come right out as the drywall just crumbles around it. I know my pilot holes aren't too big, as I've had to hammer or screw the anchors in place. I've even tried metal anchor screws with no pilot holes and those came right back out too. Anyone have a suggestion on what I can use? For context the house was built in 78. Idk if the drywall is just super old or they used cheap stuff to begin with, or both.
Just moved to new house and utility room in basement (where water heater and HVAC are installed) has this big pipes which doesn't connect anywhere. Also, there are these big vents (3rd photo) outside the house which are more or less the same size as these pipes. Any ideas what these are? 
New Roof Leaking My roof was replaced, including new plywood and ice barrier, in December. The last 2 times I’ve had wind and rain, there’s been a puddle of water in my attic (full finished). The leak is coming from the peak of the roof. I called the roofing company and they were supposed to come look at it yesterday. They no showed. I’ve reached back out, giving them the benefit of the doubt, that they ran into a busy day and couldn’t come. This is a big, reputable roofing company in New Haven county, CT. 

What’s my next step if they ignore or no show again? Advice to get this fixed amicably.
Redoing my trim - should I fill this small gap at the bottom in with foam? 
Tree root completely surrounds gas line I’m adding root blocker around a liquidambar tree in my yard. Called 811, knew gas line was close (2” steel main that runs through everyone’s front yards) and I found it. Inside of the freaking tree root! Completely surrounds it. I’ve been extremely slowly removing it but now wondering if I should be doing something different. My goal is separate the root entirely so I can put root blocker in. Unfortunately it’s in a difficult spot in the yard so I cannot change locations. The root is about 8” in diameter.
Mosquitoes I've never heard this before personally and I stumbled upon it by accident. I left a bowl of bubble soap out and it seems to be attracting and killing mosquitoes. Has anyone done this before?
What’s living under my yard? Just came home from a trip to find this in my yard, maybe 4-6” I’m diameter, any ideas?
options for this floor back entry and dog food area are grey beat up from water and wear. The floor is Relatively new (10 yr old) hardwood didn’t that get as much poly as we should have given them. They got several treatments when we put them in but remained less protected than we thought. 

We are selling soon and can’t afford a lot. Is there a somewhat affordable solution to reviving these without doing the entire 1st floor (like 1200 sq ft)? What are our options?
Asphalt driveway What should I expect to pay for tear up and repaving of an asphalt driveway? Per foot cost? Northern vermont. Thanks
How do I fix this sagging stair rail cable thing? It’s screwed on each side as tight as it will go. 
French Drain Pop-Up Emitter: Not working Installing my own french drain and water is exiting the perforated pipe before being forced out of the emitter. The pipe slopes downward until I begin to raise it at the end where the discharge is supposed to go, but it's exiting out of the slots rather than the emitter. What can I do to fix this? The trench is 18 inches deep for the whole run, and seems to work until it hits the last 4-5 feet of pipe where it's filling up in the trench. Would adding a 4-5 foot solid pipe fix the issue? I was blasting a garden hose right into my catch basin near the top under my gutter.

I wanted to add the drainage rock today in the trench but clearly all my hard work would be wasted when it's still pooling up near my home.thanks!
100 year old subfloor? My house was built around 1923 and later had a Michigan ledge basement added. I want to rip up the current carpet and refinish the wood floors but, I think I would need a subfloor to keep the unfinished basement smells, humidity, and radon gases from entering the main level. Does this look like there is a subfloor? Is this wood the subfloor?

The first picture is taken from the basement stairs, 2nd is a rip in the upstairs carpet, 3rd is a ventilation register taken from upstairs, 4th and 5th is of the basement ceiling
What is on my baseboards/wall? Was cleaning the baseboards today, and I got to a section by the stairs. Moved a table out of the way to find this sticky substance stretching about 5 feet down the top of the baseboards and about 3 or 4 inches up the wall. Its sticky, but peels off like rubber. Problem is it's taking the paint with it.

I had originally thought it was just caulking until I noticed it on the walls, and also the fact that it was sticky even under the top coat of paint.

Does anyone have any idea what this is and how to get rid of it?
How to secure a door like this from inside? 
Is there any way to salvage this laminate flooring plank? https://imgur.com/Ig8rbse

It's a discontinued product, Wilsonart Classic Northern Birch. I left a (brand new!) Drain cleaner on the stair and it had a leak and caused this ring. Any ideas?
How to install security camera on stone veneer? I’m not sure the best way to install this solar powered security camera over the driveway. I’d have to bolt the base to stone, so what’s the best way to do this safely without cracking the stone, and ensuring the camera sits as level as possible once installed. I have masonry drill bits and bolts that work for brick, but will they also work on stone?
Does anyone know what these wires next to my house could be? Small little wires around the perimeter of my house
Just gutted my basement. Need some advice (Ontario, Canada) Hello everyone. 

Bought my first home 2 years ago and learning home improvement slowly but surely. 

I just gutted my basement as they'd used wood paneling and the ceiling was a drop ceiling. I wanted to dry wall everything, rewire everything to copper, change the floor and add pot lights. 

I found exterior walls to be a bit small. They're not 2x4s or 2x3s, they're more like 1 and 3/4 x 1 and a half or some thing like that. 

I really don't want to reframe everything. Is this okay? It's a pretty small basement.. Probably 20x25 FT. 

Thanks

[basement walls ](https://imgur.com/gallery/7L6CLRB)
Possessed Ceiling Fan: No Longer Responds To Remote; Turns On Randomly I've got a MinkaAire fan in my family room that just recently stopped responding to its remote control. It's hard wired and always hot, which isn't ideal, but it's been like this since I moved in. One day it just stopped responding to the remote control. I replaced batteries, checked the dip switches, etc. Everything looked fine.

A few months go by, and it just decides to turn itself on randomly. Since it was going in the wrong direction, I hit the FOR/REV button on my remote, and it stopped. I try and turn it back on low/med/hi and tried the light button on the remote and nothing. No response.

Same thing happened again the other day - fan randomly turns on, and any button I press on the remote just shuts it off. If I try and turn it back on, nothing happens.

Now, I have a fan on the opposite side of the house that rarely gets used (on the same frequency) and have even tried that remote, but still, no response.

What on earth is going on with this fan?
Tile cracks Hey guys. Is there anyway to fix these cracks so they are less of an eyesore? Just driving me crazy
Windows now or later So I’m interested in getting about half the windows in our house updated, but I’m not in a particular rush to get it done. 

I know there’s a $600 tax credit per year.  Would it even be worth trying to split this up into 2 years or more? Or would they charge so much extra coming out extra times to install to make it not even worth it?
What should I do to level this out? I’m  planning on tiling this small bathroom, I’ve removed the old flooring and vanity and this is how it was underneath.  What should I use to fill this space in so that it’s level with the rest of the flooring? I’m planning to use Schluter membrane & ceramic tile.
Active Wood-boring beetle infestation in bamboo floors Hi everyone,

About two months ago we found a pencil sized round hole in our living room bamboo floors. I thought maybe we had dropped something and damaged the floor, though the shape of the hole was extremely smooth. We just didn't know what to think of it. Maybe 3 weeks after that we notice a new hole, still in the living room, maybe 3 feet from the original hole, but this time we notice the wood dust around it. Immediately my heart sank. I started searching online and found out that there are wood-boring beetles that can infest the hardwood floors even before installation and the larvae can take years to develop into beetles. I called a pest company but they told me they don't deal with wood beetles. 
Today I found another new hole. I also hear the clicking in the wood, which, according to my research, means there are more active beetles feeding on the wood. 

I see different solutions and responses online: some say you need to wait until all beetles have emerged to then change the affected wood and seal it, some say you need to sand the floors and treat it with borax like solution. Who do I call about this? What do I do? I'm really concerned as I have no idea how many more of these beetles are in the floors. 

We bought the house about a year ago and there were no signs of this Infestation in the floors when we bought it. 

Has anyone dealt with a similar situation? What did you do? Any and all advice is much appreciated. 

Thank you
Best/easiest fix crack in garage floor This crack has been here since I moved in. I just want to fill it in. I’m not worried about it being level I was just going to fill it in and paint the whole floor. Is it possible? What’s the best approach?
This okay to keep? I have exposed Doug fir and lintel above my door. My gut is telling me I should cap this and seal it. What do you guys think ?
Cracks in my Garage wall Looking for some advice. Posted this in another thread but wanted to see if this might get some more views. Thoughts on if I should worry about this? Garage wall in my new construction home. Builder says it’s only cosmetic and settling, nothing to worry about.
Dishwasher Repair Question Hello,

I recently moved into an apartment and noticed that after running a cycle in my dishwasher, my dishes were not drying properly, and there were black particles sticking to my plates.

I opened up my dishwasher and noticed that there is a rubber gasket that is full or water and residue.

I am unable to remove it.  Even when prying with a screwdriver.  It budges but won’t fully remove.

Do you know what this piece is called?  Should it be replaced or do I need to do something else?  If I should replace it how do I get it out?  Thank you.
What is this? Found in exterior, Maine.
Hello, I noticed this leak at my parents house.. They said not to worry about it but I am worried. Could this collapse? There is a bathroom right above. They don’t have much money so they’re trying to put it off as long as they can…
What should I do about my basement walls? Preparing to sell our house - last owner slapped a bunch of random mortar on the walls to fill in some holes. No moisture, nothing structural, just didn’t bond correctly. A large chunk fell off - thinking we just concrete it back together? Is there some other compound that would be better suited to bond stone back together?  First pic chunk that fell, second pick missing hole.

“It doesn’t matter” is a valid answer, it’s just one of the few things that is less nice than when we moved in.
Want to replace interconnected smoke detectors and smoke+co2 recommendations? For context I live in Massachusetts where smoke detectors need to be interconnected. My current smoke detectors are battery backup interconnected first alerts last replaced in 2019. Periodically i deal with random chirping and erroneous going off. I would like to replace them all with a lithium ion based smoke + smoke c02 solution. Any recommendations?
Is this normal for vapor barrier Hey all. First time posting but I'm confused. I haveba 2011 build house and the insulation was getting wet, not like moisture but actually wet. So I removed it and found thede big holes. 

Should I be patching these? Why would they be here?
Can you repair this damage on the closet door? Or should I replace it? 
53k for siding and gutters Metro Detroit area. I had a company come out and give me a quote. 1,100 sq ft home with detached garage. The house is half brick front and back. 

I was thinking 8-13k for this basic small job. 

I only paid 100k for my house 10 years ago and these mf are asking that wild price. 

Are they outta their minds?
What caused these holes in my backyard? 
DIY Damp Rid Anybody ever made their own damprid? I googled some, active ingredient is calcium chloride. Calcium chloride is also main ingredient in ice melting, like pellets of fire etc, which is waaay cheaper. I got some and put it in a mesh sieve with a bucket under it. The top sort of melted together/congealed. Question is how to prevent this? I tried another one mixing with rock salt, which also attracts moisture, same thing happened. I have a dehumidifier but even with that on 24/7, the 4 damprid closet bags were full in 2.5 weeks! I want something that i can use in a larger format that will last at least a month before i need to empty/refill, hence the bucket sized diy. Any ideas?
Want to install new faucet, afraid of cutting our counter. As the title states, I want to install a counter faucet for filtered water. Our city’s water is not great and everyone filters. We just us a Brita but I’d like something more substantial that is also easier to access.

The problem for me (being semi-handy at a few things and not handy at a great many other things) is that installing one of these faucets requires cutting a hole in our countertop. The counter is not granite or marble (I’m not entirely sure what the material is, it’s definitely less expensive but still solid) but I’m still extremely nervous about making any cut/drill/hole of any kind. 

Is this something a regular homeowner can do? Or is this something I need to get installed professionally?
Dishwasher : 2 holes? Is there a hole specific for the incoming water and the water that comes out ? Thank you
Mold and Human Health: a Reality Check There are just so many panicky posts made here with "OMG is this mold what do i do I have a BABY!"

Mold isn't "nature's plutonium."  The "dangers" of mold have been incredibly overhyped in the media and there are plenty of companies out there preying on the folks that fall for the hysteria.  The hype is clearly effective based on the multiple daily "is this mold" posts seen here.

\- *reports of “toxic mold syndrome” or “toxic black mold” have been shown to be* ***no more than media hype and mass hysteria****, partly stemming from the misinterpreted concept of the “sick building syndrome.* 

\- *There is* ***no scientific evidence*** *that exposure to visible black mold in apartments and buildings can lead to the vague and subjective symptoms of memory loss, inability to focus, fatigue, and headaches that were reported by people who* ***erroneously believed*** *that they were suffering from “mycotoxicosis."*

\- *a causal relationship (that says CAUSAL, not CASUAL) between cases of infant pulmonary hemorrhage and exposure to “black mold” has* ***never been proven****.* 

\- *there is* ***no evidence*** *of a link between autoimmune disease and mold exposure.* 

[https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s12016-017-8601-z](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s12016-017-8601-z)

/Off to eat a salad with bleu cheese dressing

/Tasty, tasty mold
Incorrect slope of shower Hello, recently purchased home. Doing a major renovation and decided to save showers for another time. They are not that bad, recently renovated but done cheaply. Anyway since the house is about 80% done, pool is still cut up and back yard destroyed I really don’t want to start another expensive project. We just finished installation of hardwood floor and in master bath I alway see water on the floor. I ran the shower and whoever tiled the shower did not tilt tiles toward shower pan so water leaks under glass door, out on the floor. And then conveniently makes a dash straight pot the newly installed wood floors in master bedroom. It’s such a dumb installation. 
I don’t want another project, wife is ready to loose it since pool was supposed to be done later, it looked ok, but I convinced her to do it now before we moved it. As it always goes, drains were all bad so more cutting up concrete, more plumbers, and cost is much higher than anticipated. Back to the shower question, other than ripping up tiles, is there a seal I can install temporary to meet the glass door or I was thinking to rtv clear piece of triangular plastic to make artificial slope. Anyone see anything like this before?
Crack in kitchen ceiling I have a crack in my kitchen ceiling. The affected area is soft to the touch but when I checked with a moisture meter, according to the instrument, it’s completely dry. What is the best way to patch up?
What are these in my new home? 
Weird spot by front door. We’ve tried using bleach and anti mold sprays. It goes away for a bit then comes back.
Repairs or upgrades to terrace and stoop Attached to our recently purchased house is a two-car garage made of concrete. The roof of the garage is a terrace, which can be reached from a door in the kitchen or from outside via a large concrete stoop next to the garage.

There are some problems: First, the surface of terrace appears to be degraded (not to mention painted pink), and water tends to pool in these areas after rainfall. Second, there is evidence the stoop is falling apart and separating from the garage. A home inspector suggested it would need to be rebuilt (or replaced, perhaps with stairs instead of a stoop?). Finally, and perhaps as a consequence of one or both of the previous problems, there is water leaking from thin cracks in the ceiling of the garage.

My suspicion is the stoop needs to be replaced completely, whereas the garage is structurally fine but the terrace needs to be resealed or resurfaced or something. As we think about doing that, the priority is structural integrity, but it would be nice if we also could upgrade the appearance of the terrace, perhaps by adding stamped concrete atop the existing terrace surface.

What avenues might you explore if you were in our shoes? What next steps might you take to explore these options?
How do I replace this being right against the stucco? As the title says all vents are stuccoed to the hood (which in this case fell apart) can I replace myself properly somehow?
Leaking switch? I’ve searched, can’t find anything. I have a switch on an exterior wall. These hot air in the wall and the ac makes the switch plate cold. Condensation builds up on the inside of the plate then drips out of the switch and down the wall. This can’t be good for my drywall. Is there an easy fix for this? 
Do I need to spray some foam around the box? Or is this something far more serious?
What are these thingies? Bought a house recently and noticed these areas along the back. It appears the concrete has been drilled in a couple places? It’s painted over so clearly it’s supposed to be here.  Our last house didn’t have these mystery drills.
How do I remove washable marker off of my white fridge? I've tried bleach, 70% isopropyl alcohol, acetone nail polish (lightened it up a lil bit) and Ajax (lightened up a lil, but I had to scrub extremely hard).

Please help! I have to vacate my apartment in a month and I'm afraid they're gonna charge me to replace this grafitti covered fridge.

Thanks. :)
Masonite siding and installing a new dryer vent My existing dryer vent is in very bad shape. I’m looking to replace it. I’m fairly handy. Usually I’d use some outdoor rated caulk on the new vent when installing but on this house .. the siding is Masonite.

Am I ok to seal the new vent with something like DAP dynaflex on the Masonite siding? From what I can see I need to treat this siding with care. 

Also - does anyone know a decent brand of dryer vent. Seems like Lowe’s and HD carry just the cheap plastic stuff that won’t stand the test of time.
Window Crank Repair Crank does not work and the window doesn't close all the way which is problematic when it's windy. Is there any way of fixing this? I tried tightening the screws. The little gray box thing at the bottom says Philips. Any suggestions are appreciated!
Bubbles. What to do next? Paint bubble about 2 feet to the left of my shower head. What should I do here? Guessing some type of leak. I believe there’s an AC duct above this area. Who should I call?
Any idea what this is? Randomly showed up on my mulch 
Re-fitting bathroom tiles - what goes behind them? I have an issue in my bathroom. We have a window, the inside sill of  which is tiled. Some of the grout around our tiles here was perished,  but when beginning a re-grout, I noticed the tile was loose.

Underneath the tile was a wooden board that had rotted due to prolonged water ingress.

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/27y5istorodb1.jpg?width=3128&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=aad48fefddca4f751fde4468a3900e12a178f260

I took the wooden board and some perished mortar out, and now I have a large gap where this used to be.

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/swjfidjrrodb1.jpg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=56c7825686eebdd9795879e327ce5b4db2b7e0c0

https://preview.redd.it/5tcmedjrrodb1.jpg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=2eb66bb1beeb37847a7608f360d8b7ff5dc3dba4

https://preview.redd.it/athnopjrrodb1.jpg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=f52565a25b91161112decc4dcad7a8158c93ac1b

I think the correct thing to fill this gap with is some sand and cement, and then lay a waterproof board on top. Something like [this](https://www.diy.com/departments/aquadry-waterproof-board-l-1200mm-w-600mm-t-12mm/259514_BQ.prd). What do folks think?

&#x200B;
Is this the wrong product for under floor tiles? We had our kitchen floor tiled two years ago, multiple tiles have cracked, grout crumbles, some of them move. Did the guy use the wrong underlay? (Pictured) 

He’s disappeared of course.
Upgrading mobile home, advice needed Hi All

First time poster here so I hope this kind of thread is allowed.

Looking for a little guidance on selecting a new 2nd hand mobile. I live in a private park beside the sea and inherited a mobile from family about 4 years ago. It's served me well, however it's quite small and I think it's time an upgrade is done. Most of the 2nd hand mobiles available were over 35k and just totally out of my price range over the last few years, so I haven't been looking properly. 

Recently, some new ones became available and 3 of them were under 20k which meant I was finally able to potentially get one. One in particular, a 2008 BK Seville 3 Bed, is exactly what I am looking for. Great size and layout, the only issue being it's not galvanised. Having had a look at the chassis it's quite rusted and the only way to get a mobile into the park is via a crane. So a slight concern.

Had a look at a galvanised mobile today (2006 Willerby Winchester, 2 bed) which was around 23500. The seller has agreed to put new carpet in and replace the boiler which is included in that price. The only issue with this one is the layout isn't as good and particularly the kitchen hasn't got a huge amount of space (which was one of the reasons why I am replacing my current one).

My main question is, is it being galvanised a major thing? With the sea air blowing directly at the mobile, it does factor in to the decision, but I want to make sure that it does make the most sense to go with the one I saw today before I spend an additional 4k I wasn't planning on.

Thanks very much
How to restore rusted beam? 
Best fitted sheet for 10” mattress Looking for recommendations for a fitted sheet for my 10” foam mattress (Endy, Casper, Douglas). Every set I get, the corners seem to be too deep.
What would cause my roof crawl space insulation to fall and look like this? Is this a sign of a problem or just become loose over the years? It’s likely at least 15 years old.
How do you remove this build up from hard water? I've tried Calium Lime Rust remover and drill scrubber but didn't do anything.
Is this mold in my attic? So when I was buying my house the home inspector found mold in the attic and it was remediated and the inspector came back and confirmed it was gone.  I’m going to sell my house now 9 years later and looked for the first time (I know, I’m a terrible homeowner) and saw this. Should I be worried about this?  The white stuff on the beams is blown in insulation.
Foundation leak New home owner. Terrible condition, previous owners were hoarders. Found massive damage in basement from foundation crack, heavy black mold in washroom. I believe the main water line under the house is leaking. I am a bit concerned as I can see house settling in the corner. Drains were heavily restricted from shingle rock, roof needs to be repaired ASAP. Who would I call to detect water leaking from main city to house?
Cracked shower stall grout - need advice please! I know that my shower stall will probably need to be completely retiled. Hopefully there isn't already moisture behind the tiles (fingers crossed).  However, a full shower stall re-do is not financially possible for 6 months to a year.  I need advice for temporary fix in the interim. Can I fill this with chaulking or grout for now?  In the meantime, I really only use the bathtub. I use the shower in our other bathroom 90% of the time. If I ever do use this shower I keep the water aimed away and then squeegee the water off the walls.
What's eating my Hostas Trying to figure out what's eating my plants. I thought it was snails haven't seen their trails in over a month after putting out a bunch of  poison.
Hard water stains on glass shower doors. Nothing is working. Help! Okay, I’ve tried everything the internet had suggested: vinegar, straight denatured alcohol, vinegar and dish soap, the specialty glass scrub/polishes, baking soda paste/lemon juice, etc. Nothing touches the water spots! 

When we had the glass installed we paid extra for a protective coating that clearly didn’t work. 

Am I missing anything that might work, or am I just stuck with these spots?
Our cottage is suddenly covered in this fluff and it randomly falls out of the ceiling beam inside too, any ideas? 
Humans excluded: what’s the most dangerous object, material, or tool on a job site? I’ll start: rebar. 
My boyfriend says it’s my purse. Help me win this battle, boys
Selling home before listing So I have a long term realtor and we have staged the house but have not taken pictures or listed it. The offer came directly to me from a neighbors friend. What are my options here. If I already have an offer do I unlist and sell directly to avoid additional costs or do I just keep with my realtor but try to reduce their fees?
Home water filtration system My home came with this (bought two years ago) I know the filters need to get changed but which ones do I replace all or only a few? How do I know the size?
Exposed wire in the wall, should I just sell the house for $5 ?? As you can see, I found exploded wires in the wall after fixing some plumbing. Can I just cap those wires and close the wall or should I take my loses and sell?
Which contractor typically handles bathroom vent ducting through the roof? Roofer? Hvac? Thanks
What is this hole near my foundation? New homeowner here. Was removing an unwanted bush and uncovered this hole. If it helps, it seems to lead to a small opening behind the indoor breaker
Should I be worried that water slowly seeps into my basement during big storms and the wooden pole seems to be taking in the water. It feels moist when I touch it. The floor is dirt floor. 
Is this mold? It is a ceiling board in my basement. 
Can anyone tell me what this is? Found over the garage in a home we purchased about a year ago. Nothing appears to have been connected to it, wondering if this is some kind of wireless device or part of a previous system that might have been used in the home.
Fridge set at 37 but actual temp is 65?? So my fridge says it’s 65 degrees but it’s set at 37. All my food is getting moldy and my water isn’t really getting cold. Any suggestions ??
Cause of mold around door trim? 
Is this proper placement of existing roof flashing under new plywood sheathing? We're installing new Hardie Lap Siding on our 1920s house, part of that process is to add plywood sheathing to the walls, tyvek wrap, and new trim & fascias. I want to be sure the flashing (especially on our second floor dormers where the roof meets the siding) is done properly so there is not water intrusion later on. We're not replacing the roof at the same time (couldn't afford it), but plan to within the next 2 years or so.
 Is this existing step flashing supposed to be under the new plywood or over it and under the tyvek? Is there any other flashing we should add that will make the process of replacing the roof and flashing easier when we do that? I read I could/should maybe do counter flashing or z flashing under the hardie so that step flashing could be easily slipped under when the roof us replaced without destroying the new siding, is that the proper way? Sorry I don't know that much about all this but just want it done right.
Wasps nest somewhere under the deck How do you go about locating and destroying a lost mass underneath rather deep and shallow deck? My wife has been saying something about seeing wasps and I haven't really been paying attention but today I was mowing the grass around the deck and got investigated by two wasps that I watched fly underneath the deck. Any help or tips would be appreciated
Stain/paint under deck I have a deck on the 2nd story that covers a 1st story patio.  I had to have it rebuilt to correct some water leakage issues.  I would like to stain or paint it to get all the wood types to match, and to hide some of the water damage from the previous leaks.

Currently thinking a solid stain in a darker brown color, but curious on anybody else's thoughts on color and type of stain paint that might look good here?
Hardwood floor planks raising My hardwood floor planks are raising in the summer. Someone suggested that is the cold from the AC and the hot air outside below de house. What can I do?
Damp insulation The insulation on one part of my basement wall is damp, but I can’t see any visible cracks or anything on the foundation when I lift it up off the wall- any idea what could be causing this? It’s only in one spot (all the other insulation in the basement is bone dry)
Can these scratches be fixed? Kid dragged a plastic box full of Legos across the floor. Anything we can do to fill up the scratches? I don't think this is hardwood.
What product do i buy that i can put in here that screws up and down (tub drain) 
Looking for ideas to repair this failing retaining wall Can’t really dig down on the other side due to neighbors shrubs, just hoping to patch it up and get it to last a little while longer
What would be a likely cause for these cracks/discoloration? So my wife and I recently moved upstairs to our loft after installing a ductless minisplit and painting the walls of the loft. Previously it was too hot to live up here but now that we have the minisplit and were able to repaint the walls, the space is much more comfortable. I just noticed this crack start to form on our wall below our skylight. The prior owner had replaced the skylight a few years ago due to leaking so I’m concerned that the issue might not have been fixed. I attached a few photographs of the crack and the discoloration. Note that the walls were completely white a few months ago. What do you all think is causing this? How can I investigate this further without sawing a hole in the wall and looking through the crawl space.
How concerned should I be about this orange mold(??) growing at the bottom of my interior wood exposed beams 
Any advice to fix downspout/drainpipe 
Condensation in unfinished basement In my unfinished basement, there is condensatuon on the side facing the backyard.

The first two photos are adjacent to the back yard. The next 3 are facing the backyard. The area that is most wet is below the kitchen + backyard water tap (also facing backyard)

Is this normal? I am looking to finish the basement eventually and am concerned with building over this.
LG WASHERS 5500 VS 6500 Can anyone help me understand whats causing the price difference here? Is it just the colour?
Is it Mold? First time homeowner dilemma. Hello All, I need help deciding what to do with this shower ceiling yellow patch? There is no ventilation in the bathroom and i tried to get rid of this using Lysol and it worked but this is coming back faster. What to do? How to get rid of it permanently?
Turning off motion detection on the ceiling lamp Good day everyone, I am trying to turn off motion detection for my ceiling lamp, for some reason it gets off after 5 seconds no matter what I set on the toggles, is there anything I can do to reset this controller or to fix it?
Glitter on mantle Any idea how to get the glitter off?
Detectives needed!! Yesterday I was doing a walkthrough to get measurements of a New York condo I am planning to buy and will be closing on next week. I saw this damage and I’m not sure if it’s water damage or not. How can you sleuth it out? 

On the left image if you zoom in you see darker stains but on the right you see holes. I’m not sure why holes would be there as there was no light fixture or anything present when I first did the tour to see if I wanted to buy.

Any thoughts are appreciated!

Seller is planning to get a contractor to take a look on Monday but not sure if they’re incentivized to report accurately if there’s a leak. What would you suggest?
What is this? Discovered in a drawer in the new home we are moving into.  Some sort of air filter, but it's not apparent where the thing would go.
opening a door knob can someone here help me! i’ve locked myself out and i do not know how to open these kind of door knobs from the outside.
Why would I have cardboard at the top of the wall? Purchased the home in October. The top of the wall in a very shittily built addition has separated slightly revealing cardboard. There is a strip of 1” where there isn’t cardboard, and it seems whoever built this portion of the home just painted over it and the gap to “seal” the wall. 

Is this common practice? How can I fix the separation?
Siding pockmarked in hail storm. For context closed on this house last Sunday. We're thinking of filing an insurance claim. But, it seems so soon...what experience does the hive mind have with hail damage, vinyl siding, and insurance? Oh, we're in CO.
Help me understand this perimeter drain… We are getting new perimeter drains between our townhomes. They are digging one trench between the two houses. This large tall pipe is directly in line to where my cement slab used to be. Can someone please explain to me what the end result will be?  I am very concerned as it is directly in the middle of my walk way and my cement slab.
Buzzing/Humming noise from Cable wall plate I have found a buzzing/humming noise coming from my coaxial cable wall plate, what could be causing this?
Flooded Crawlspace We live in a manufactured double wide home. Recently the crawlspace flooded bringing a lot of silt and mud in. I’ve popped off a good amount of skirting, and let air move under the house to help dry things. I’ve read that using a dehumidifier helps. Seems like it would have to be sealed back up so it’s not just dehumidifying the air in general. If anyone has experience with this and can help, I’m wondering which path makes more sense to dry it for cleanup. 

1. Leave the skirting off and let the air moving under the house dry what’s on the slab. 

2. Put the skirt back on and get a dehumidifier in a central location under there with a hose running out to drain it. 

Thanks I’m advance for any help.
Outdoor bug spray Hey all,
     I'm getting a fogger and wanted to know what's best to use for mosquitos and knats.
Mold? Almost looks like paint. Not sure.
How do I fix this broken cinder block in the wall? 
Any ideas how to fix this light flickering (see picture) Light is flickering. I was hoping it was a bulb to change and found this. Any ideas?
AC tech foot went through ceiling AC tech stepped on a 2x4 while working in attic and it went through the ceiling. Luckily he did not! 

The company sent out a contractor to patch and paint the wall, and when he asked if we had paint, we gave him some from the garage, saying we weren't sure if it was it, but it said ceiling paint and it was white. So we all assumed. 

Now that it's dry we can tell the difference between the old paint and the new paint/ or maybe it's the texture?- it's a lot more dramatic difference in person.

Is this on us for not having the right paint? Or should ac company still fix this? I feel bad since it was obviously an accident on their part, but not sure the move.
How do I fix this tear in the drywall/paint? Looking for different suggestions on how to fix a tear in the drywall/paint. Thanks.
Where to put toilet paper holder? Where to put bidet remote? 
Need help choosing islands lights!!! I have two pendant lights I need to install over our island. But I’m stuck on what too choose! The third and fourth pic are the inspo pics of the mood/design were going for. My husband is an artist so once we decorate and move in the overall theme is going to have a artsy moodiness to it with all our art and what not. Any help would be appreciated!
PVC roof outgassing after 7 years Last summer, I had a mysterious pungent chemical odor in my condo (we're the bottom floor of a three story building). We called everyone we could think of. No mold, no rodents, no gas leak, no electrical issue, no plumbing issue, no appliance issue.  It disappeared during the winter and is back again with a vengeance this summer.  It's in our backyard, and we can't open the windows. We smell it strongest on the roof.

In desperation, we called out a roofer and he said that the flat PVC roof of the building was outgassing like crazy. He said it's super unusual and disturbing and he basically got off our roof as quickly as possible. There are cypress trees bordering our condo that might trap it in our area. The problem is, when I brought it to the attention of the HOA president, she said that the roof always smells like that and it's "how the building smells." The smell in our apartment she labeled as "building smell" too. She's been in the building for 8 years and there was a new roof put in 7 years ago. Has anyone had a similar experience with their PVC roof and how did they resolve it and/or prove that it was an issue?   
Outdoor floodlights stopped working. Options? It's one housing with 2 bulbs.  One day they worked, the next day nothing.  I confirmed the bulbs still work, and no breakers are tripped.

I opened up the housing and took a peek but no loose wires or anything obvious.  Is there an obvious next thing I should check before spending money on an electrician?  Thank you.
Mice droppings but nothing getting caught in traps Hi all. We seem to have a mice problem but no mice are getting caught in the traps the exterminator put down. I’m just confused about what it might be? And any advice on how to clean these droppings are greatly appreciated.
Door installation tools / jigs ? A while back I replaced an exterior door and that was a lengthy painful experience of banging against frames, shimming, drilling and wedging, trying to get things semi-level in a house that does not have too many level reference surfaces.

Anyway, now it's time to replace the interior garage door / fire door and I am wondering if there are ways to make this a better experience. Growing up in Germany we had a couple of jigs and adjustable hinges that would make this easier like the one shown in the video below. Are there similar tools here in the US I could use?

https://youtu.be/AHp4UPSa2XU?t=58
Is my bathroom fan missing an exhaust vent? Renovating my bathroom and just removed the bath fan. Is there no vent? What are my options for upgrade? Home is 35 years old. 

https://imgur.com/a/mTpzVMn
What kind of contractor do I need? Just discovered this lovely damage from large tree limbs falling on this power pole. Who do I need other than a roofer? Who fixes these?
How bad is this basement leak? When it rains, the outlined part gets wet and some light water gets on the floor. New build. Drainage high traffic area right above the crack, so maybe adding drainage/slope away from the area would help? How serious and cost to repair?
What are these cracks? Hello all! There are these cracks that we have on our wall that definitely seem beyond just paint. Seems like they've been there a little bit, but started pretty small, but have been getting pretty bad. I just want to know what it is that's going on and how to work on it! Thank you for any help you can provide!
Garage door problems! This wood is split and about to quit holding the bolts altogether. Is there a material that would work better? Or at least what the best type of wood for this application? Also is that spring on the right supposed to have a gap?
Should I insulate this garage wall? I'm insulating my garage door but didn't know if I should insulated this garage wall. What kind of insulation should I use? Should.i out up drywall?
Basement egress We are looking at purchasing a home that has no basement windows at all. It has access to the basement through the main house, and bulkhead doors to the outside. My spouse would want to finish the basement if we purchase this house. Can a basement without windows be legally finished in most states? I tried to read our code and it says you must have two means of egress for every room built. I’m wondering if the bulkhead and stairs to the main house would both count. Thanks!
Are these wall cracks serious? 
Hello everyone, I am a first time homebuyer and am heavily considering this home. The only thing I am concerned with is possible foundation issues. Around 15 years ago, the home has had 21 piers installed to level the home and interior cracks/nail pops have been sealed. It is a beautiful home, I would just like some opinions before getting under contract and committing to inspection and option costs.
Want To Take Down Popcorn Ceiling, Don’t Know If It Has Asbestos I want to take down the popcorn from the ceiling of my bedroom. I’m putting almost everything in my closet (I don’t have much stuff) and the remaining things are being pushed to the corner of my room. I’m currently putting up painters plastic all the way to the top of the walls and I’m putting double layers. My father told me the house was built in 1977.

Here the thing though:

I asked my father if we have asbestos, he says no. He used to work with asbestos removal back in the 80’s for years and says he can tell if it is or isn’t. Apparently if you soak it with water, you can see a different water pattern and like very tiny shiny materials (I’m assuming the small fibers). My parents also removed the popcorn ceiling already in another bedroom years ago and I don’t remember them having it tested. I wanted to see how it looked when soaked so we sprayed some of the kitchen ceiling with water and let it soak. It just looked like soaked popcorn ceiling, I then touched it and it felt soft. 

Also, a while back we had someone come out to check our house for rodents, they checked everywhere including the attic. My mother pointed out that they cannot go into the attic if we had asbestos. 

Now yes, I can and should get it tested but if it were positive, that means I would have to pay to get it professionally removed. If that’s the case I’ll just leave it. I want to take it down but I’m not 100% sure. What should I do?
Water Leak garage / Hole fondation wall Hi,

I started seeing water in my garage after weeks of rain. I located the source and I opened up the wall to have a view on the concrete. 

I put a hose outside to see where the water is coming in the inside. It seems like the water is from what seems like a premade hole that was filled with some wood material (picture attached).

 After looking online this is apparently a drain hole to reduce hydraulic pressure but usually there is a drainage track below it, but here it seems it would just leak there. Am I getting this right ? And how should I fix this ?

Thanks a lot !
How do I remove this oil-based wood stain from my driveway? I spilled oil-based wood stain on a concrete driveway. I thought that pressure washing would be the best solution, but a guy at Lowe's told me that pressure washing wouldn't work because concrete is porous. He suggested applying paint remover with a brush, but I'm concerned that 1) applying stain remover and brushing will actually spread the stain and 2) that the 100-degree heat would greatly reduce the efficacy of the stain remover because of its volatility.   


What do y'all suggest?
Basement foundation problem, any suggestions? After about an inch of water in my basement, I tore out the paneling previous owner had placed over the concrete wall of my foundation, and found the probable source of the water, a 3 foot long crack in the concrete. Is there a way to fix this from the inside of the basement?
Would this LP Smartside paneling be appropriate to cover our open eaves? I own an older home that we're currently doing work on (new insulation, plywood, and hardie fiber cement lap siding). Part of the scope of work is to also replace fascias and cover the open eaves/soffits with new planks since they are caked in old textured paint, split in many areas and have nails through them (not a good look). I want to keep them open (no attic vents in soffits only gables and whirlybirds). My original plan was to use hardie planks there but recently discovered [this LP Smartside paneling](https://www.homedepot.com/p/LP-SmartSide-SmartSide-38-Series-8-in-Application-as-4-ft-x-8-ft-Cedar-Texture-OC-Panel-Engineered-Treated-Wood-Siding-27874/100055901?source=shoppingads&locale=en-US&&mtc=SHOPPING-RM-RMP-GGL-D21-021_002_SIDING-MB-LP_SMARTSIDE-NA-SMART-NA-NA-MK683022200-NA-NBR-371-NA-NA-NA&cm_mmc=SHOPPING-RM-RMP-GGL-D21-021_002_SIDING-MB-LP_SMARTSIDE-NA-SMART-NA-NA-MK683022200-NA-NBR-371-NA-NA-NA-71700000085038081-58700007206164707-92700075444410741&gclid=CjwKCAjwtuOlBhBREiwA7agf1ooojngUYtHrvMH4gYUJsRi3WBIzNaXUWEaL6o-5wY6ubKY3wLbQBBoCVjoQAvD_BwE&gclsrc=aw.ds) which may be easier to install and better looking for this area. Would it be an appropriate product for this? Thanks.
Water thingy - Homeowner question I think this has something to do with water/drainage?  Lived in an apt my whole life, can someone tell me what this is/function? We have community well water/sewer. TIA!
AmI supposed to take apart bathroom vent? I took off the cover to the bathroom vent to get the dust out of it and noticed a bunch up dust up in the fan portion. Am I suppose to remove this periodically to clean the dust or dust go over it with my Dyson?
Waterproofing Brick opening by Window Peeled off some old vinyl shutters with the intent of building some wood plank shutters. The vinyl shutters were discovered to be conceling some rotted wooden shutters behind. After removing everything, I've got a 3/4" gap at the sill and 1 1/2" gap up the side. Any advice on waterproofing this opening better? There is a soffit above with gutters, but it can get incidental water in on windy, rainy days
Next home update recommendations (warning: long post) Seeking recommendations for my next updates!

I purchased a home in 2013. For background, it was built in the late 60s, is a one-level 1000 sq ft. ranch home with a walk out garage and basement. I am a single female, 40 yrs old, and plan to keep this home indefinitely. Electrical panel was updated/installed before moving in. Boiler and hot water heater were purchased in 2008 and I've been told are solid and best quality. Roof was replaced the year I moved in. I have oil heat and natural gas for stove/oven. I have never had any issues with flooding or required major repairs. It's a solid home. Over the years, I've made solid investments on my home to continue making it my forever home, and would love recommendations for my next update(s) as you would prioritize them.

As I am planning to keep my home indefinitely, I am not necessarily looking for pure ROI or resale value. I simply want to update and maximize the value and usage of my home for years to come to set myself up for a very happy and comfortable retirement.

Updates in the last ten years included:

\- Installed a high-efficient wood stove for free backup heat. I've been able to source free firewood for the last decade.

\- Renovated the one bathroom before moving in with marble tile for floor, dual flush toilet, cast iron tub/shower with subway tile.

\- Sanded/refinished wood flooring throughout home.

\- Insulation ceiling of basement and in attic. Weather-stripping & caulking and sealing. Pipes insulated. My last home energy audit gave me a top score.

\- LED's throughout home. New thermostat.

\- Ripped out overgrown hedges and a border of old spiny overgrown hedges I HATED. Replaced with native perennials and roses.

\- Installed fencing around property for dogs and chickens. Front yard raised garden beds to maximize solar energy (too shady in back yard). Planted fruit trees all around home (apple, cherry, pear, mulberry, fig, and elderberry). Planted blueberry bushes and currants, asparagus bed and rhubarb. Two rain barrels for watering plants and emergency non-potable water source.

\- Added a new patio door directly onto deck into backyard, providing more light into kitchen and easier access to backyard for dogs.

\- Paid for solar panels. Installed a solar battery bank this year for backup electric source when power goes out.

\- Repainted outside home. (general maintenance). Repainted all interior walls.

\- Replaced all windows with Andersen renewal.

\- Replaced appliances over time with the best that I could afford, including washer and new gas oven/stove. New organic mattresses and frames.

\- Invested in quality wood furniture and new upholstery.

&#x200B;

As with any home ownership, I still have many items on the list to complete over time. What would you prioritize if you were me? Is there anything not on this list you would work on that I haven't mentioned?

\- Remove asphalt driveway and replace with permeable pavers. Currently the driveway is bumpy, cracked, and long overdue for replacement.

\- Replace asphalt paths leading to front and side door with stone pavers.

\- Renovate kitchen with ceramic or stone tile (currently vinyl), new counters and cupboards (I painted original and updated hardware, but they are tired), and tile backsplash. Update lighting.

\- Mini splits. I currently cool the home with a single window AC unit and heat with oil and woodstove. I would like to reduce or eliminate oil heat, especially given my solar investment.

\- Solar water heater. Again, to reduce or eliminate the need for oil.

\- Renovate basement into a living space/home gym with better lighting and flooring (epoxy would be fine)

\- Clean out and renovate garage. New epoxy flooring. Remove all the wooden shelves built by previous owner and install heavy duty shelving for storage space. Bring up to code with better doors leading to basement. I was told by initial inspector that the current doors are not currently up to code to allow a vehicle to park in garage.

\- Power wash awning and deck, reseal deck and replace broken and worn boards.

\- Replace indoor hollow doors with solid wood doors. Replace exterior wood doors (front door has a slight crack) with Andersen by Renewal.

&#x200B;

TL/DR: I am looking for recommendations for my next home project as I have the money to do so. Forever home looking to continue updating to maximize value and usage of property, not necessarily ROI.

ETA: Pictures and captions.

&#x200B;

[Front of home](https://preview.redd.it/abtupq9rccdb1.jpg?width=1600&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=3c53a12d1c20bceedd6489bd9659637f1f423209)

&#x200B;

[Third \\"bedroom\\" as WFH office space.](https://preview.redd.it/stvl8qjxccdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=8e76f365f3b4e761dea3bfe963c20d85fcace60b)

[Spare\/guest bedroom](https://preview.redd.it/3thlsqjxccdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=6efaece8376ea3c9cb5ecb55f5112a4e5348f877)

[Main bedroom.](https://preview.redd.it/b73ehpjxccdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=1c9fc869bf8681b023ae8f12b2a9cbdbda6e3499)

[Bathroom](https://preview.redd.it/kkishqjxccdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c38a5563c0f05d7ecb4705c3e37474f2224396cd)

[Living room](https://preview.redd.it/5mpbeqjxccdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=350e73d7675abc05421775217ef5ba6ffd31c82c)

[Living room, view of front door](https://preview.redd.it/dzaklsjxccdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=7c02d1e058df830adb08129f269fdef2fbe03dd1)

[Living room, different angle.](https://preview.redd.it/8huiczjxccdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=56ce6620f7f72506fe34550e0f0d01a61f98feea)

[Driveway\/parking spaces](https://preview.redd.it/5l1iuqjxccdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=0c18f586b582f36d971b02b225da5258e2d2b986)

&#x200B;

[View of garage and back entrance into garage](https://preview.redd.it/gsq12hl7dcdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=efa984cc2ed56c957b3f051dd21cb546c7c62fcf)

[Back deck, in sore need of cleaning and sealing](https://preview.redd.it/hleqrgl7dcdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=4cda0d1bbe285fe19369b7973e074c5529735759)

[Kitchen](https://preview.redd.it/3esyxhl7dcdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=8b34e2be533695964a8f33a325edef290ee65f40)

[Kitchen with view of new patio door leading to backyard.](https://preview.redd.it/ib3oynl7dcdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=adac7d777f6b8fbdd8b5c7b6e84f6c8205d57ba5)

[Kitchen, looking into living room](https://preview.redd.it/vql2ivl7dcdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=5b618f33a0b34d296b5c32fd25ecfe4db8674df4)

[Stairs leading to basement](https://preview.redd.it/rmskx1m7dcdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=eaadbc8d56f411c1bb83ba06f66a72797b50dfcd)

[Garage \(sorry for the mess!\)](https://preview.redd.it/h648c7m7dcdb1.jpg?width=1600&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=8b4a05f19a54f49d226aef1362ffd03530bfc7ae)

[Laundry area, workout area of basement](https://preview.redd.it/d6vcjgm7dcdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=149726947f62fd23e6258833150c14cc199c361a)

[Another view of basement - door to right leads to more basement](https://preview.redd.it/8lyhrkm7dcdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=18eb7bf214f82672991300dd2b475f93a04d02a7)

[Basement - camping equipment](https://preview.redd.it/nkz1asm7dcdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=d9a39e7ce42ba6129d7fb3ba889cd215a35e62b4)

[Most of this is inherited and needs to be sorted](https://preview.redd.it/ns605bn7dcdb1.jpg?width=901&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=84d488fe785ece749010ff0e8049333133a87ca4)
Moving into a house - what’s something fun we can enjoy that we couldn’t in apartments? After 10 years in apartments we’re finally moving into a (rented) house. What are things we couldn’t easily have in apartments that we can now appreciate in a house?

I was thinking maybe a grill or a small inflatable pool. 

Nothing too permanent as we are still only renting.
Windows improvement on a budget. Hi there, I have these old windows that are awful but I can’t pony up 10k to get them replace this year. 

Any improvements that I can make ? I’m gonna pressure wash the metal beddings and add more insulation but there are no wheels on these windows so the sliding motion is awful.


How much water does your household use? This just doesn’t seem right. I’ve always thought my water bill was a lot but the last two months it’s gone up significantly more. 

In the household it’s my wife and I and our three kids (8yo, 3yo, 1yo) plus a dog and two cats. Typically our bill is around $80 for 6,500-8,000 gallons a month. I feel like that’s already high but I just don’t have a frame of reference. But the last two months our bill has been for $120-135 each with 10,500-11,700 gallons of use. This isn’t normal is it?
Finishing my unfinished garage Okay so I have an unfinished garage that I want to finish. Going to insulate, add some drywall, and a mini split for AC/heat. 

Currently the garage gets blasted with sun and gets very hot. It has one window but i’m looking for advice on how/if I should add other ventilation.

Any other garage finishing tips appreciated! Thanks.
Gap between driveway and garage As picture above, there appears to be a gap between the garage and driveway. Not sure what original material here is. Almost feels like wood. Worth it to try and fill it in? If so, would caulk be fine?
Oven Clicking On/Off Bake Cycle Evey 5-15 Seconds When Baking Oven is 17 years old: Kenmore 790.96019405

Symptoms: When baking say, 375 degrees, the oven bake light comes on and it heats up. Once is reaches operating temperature, it clicks off like it should. However, it is now clicking off, then back on, then on, then back off, every 5-15 seconds. Much more frequently than normal.

My thinking is:

* Oven is able to heat to temperature
* Oven is then thinking it isn't up to temperature, and kicks back on, then kicks back off when it is at temperature again.

This leads me to believe these are possible scenarios:

* Actually getting to temp, and too much venting is happening, so it kicks back on. (Seems unlikely, I don't believe this oven has a fan and we aren't experiencing massive air leaks randomly.)
* Oven is getting to temp but is getting too hot due to blocked vents, then air vents out, then it needs to heat up again. I think this would lead to it being "off bake" for longer period of time to allow for the hot air to escape, not on/off/on/off very frequently.
* Oven is not actually getting to temp due to misunderstanding of the temperature in the oven (seems unlikely, we baked some bread at the correct temp and it came out fine and at correct temperature.)
* The control board is misinterpreting what the temperature probe is saying the temperature is or is having some other malfunction.

I have pulled the probe out, tested the two ports of the connector on the probe for resistance with my multimeter and got a 1.085 kOhms reading. My understanding is that is 1,085 ohms. From what I've read, probes should be between 900 and 1200 ohms. I tested for continuity from one of the ports to the body of the probe, no beep, so (I think, I am just a DIYer Googling here) that is correct because it isn't plugged in and "on". If I got continuity, that would indicate something wrong with the probe... I think?

One review of a replacement probe said it fixed the exact same symptoms.

I have no idea how to test the control board. We aren't getting in "F03" or "F10" or "F30" codes like I have seen on some Q&A websites. The stove top works for heating up pans, etc. Clock works. Doesn't seem to have a problem. I have visually inspected the board while installed in the oven, and don't see any obvious signs of a burnt-out component.

I have checked the vent where it comes out above the stove top, there were a few crusty bits but it doesn't appear blocked. We have done a pathetic job keeping the oven clean, so willing to do a self-clean cycle if it is safe to do so.

I have ordered a returnable board via Amazon to expedite fix if that is what it is, but looking for some guidance. Is there a chance the probe is bad even though it is reading correct ohms resistance? Could it be something else like when the oven starts to draw more power, there is a problem with the plug... or the breaker... or something like that? How would I test?

Trying to avoid a $200 diagnostic visit... oven is old, not looking to just spend lots of money for a replacement, but also need an oven and don't want to replace all the parts and still not have a fix.

&#x200B;

Edit: also, visual inspection of the connections at the rear all look good aside from the light bulb socket, when has lots of brown on it. Not sure if there is a weird chance that the socket is malfunctioning and confusing the control board. The light turns on, works fine, etc.
Mold in basement? 😩 First time homeowner. This substance is appearing in the corner of the basement next to the sump pump and to a lesser degree along the basement walls. Is it mold? Water seeping through the foundation? I have no clue and appreciate any advice!
Which is the best tiles colour for flooring? 
Is this Mold? Hi everyone, I have just recently noticed this huge patch of dark colored stuff on the ceiling of our shower. We rent this house, and I was wondering if anybody could identify if this is mold or not?
How do I fix my fence? I have several fallen board on my fence that I cannot get to because my neighbor had a fence put up at the edge of their property line and now neither of us can fix fallen/broken planks.

background info my fence is 10 years old, their fence is about 4 or 5 years old. My fence sits a little off my property line but their fence is on the line. 

I think I can put the board in place like normal and use screws from the inside going out. Not sure if this will work though.
Went to an open house for a home I was interested in. Then this happened. 
How much side overhang should I be adding to butcher block countertops? Contractor is asking me how much he should cut and I have no idea (or preference). I see one article saying 1/8 to 1/4 inch but seems like there should be a “right” answer?

Cabinets are 48 inches wide. 

Thank you!
What’s the best way to patch this super cheap thin veneer in my cabinets 
How can I go about fixing this hole on my bedroom door? I managed to get a hole on the bedroom door. I’m usually pretty handy, so I’m sure I could fix it, but I’m not sure what would be the best method here. Any suggestions?

If it makes a difference: I rent.
End of pipe sticking through wall? 
Everything works It started making noises but everything seems to work, it does the noises rarely now. Any ideas??? Thanks.
What’s going on with these frames? 1968 vintage home on the east coast. Moved in last year and noticed the door and window frame top is bowing. 

The door and window are in rooms next to each other. The front door and bathroom window. It’s a split level with this bathroom on the lower level but the window is 2-3 ft above dirt. Above it is the upstairs bathroom, same configuration, higher ceiling but not bowing.

Thoughts?
Asphalt driveway resealing already has grass growing Had my asphalt driveway resealed and cracks filled last fall.  It's been one winter and already this spring grass is coming thru on a bunch of the cracks.  For $1200 I expected it to last at least a couple of years.  Am I wrong?
Mildew smell during floor tile removal 
Alternative to an interior door that doesn’t need installation? I’m not sure if I’m going to be able to phrase this exactly right, but I’m going to move into an apartment and the room I want to use as a bedroom doesn’t have a door. I can’t use a curtain or something because I want to keep my cat out at night (he will walk on me and meow in my face while I’m sleeping if not). Can’t install an actual door. What are my options?
Air bnb this weekend is this what I think it is? 
Any ideas on how to find a replacement for this kitchen exhaust fan or if there’s some other alternative thing I can do to have ventilation in the kitchen? 
Does my home have good thermal efficiency? I am trying to figure out if my home is efficient. 

We have put a lot of work on:

* Attic insulation (R38) 
* Attic fan
* Minimizing direct sunlight by shading walls
* Blinds on skylights 
* Blocking chimney vents

&#x200B;

The numbers you see below are at the end of the day without the use of the AC (temperature sensor is in a shaded area on the north side of the house). How does it compare with the average home in this sub?

 We usually start the day with 68 degrees inside (thank god for cold nights). 

Is there anything else that can be improved?

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/bvttmm4gr7db1.jpg?width=943&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=d38eda3a26bd37f312cbc38e1b6f21d718d045c2
Unsafe space between deck post and house 
Who do I call to fix this? It’s that vinyl locking siding and I don’t even know what trade to call, would siding installers come all the way out for that?
Noob Diyer with Toilet Tank Leak Hey everyone.  I'm a noob Diyer who is tackling a toilet tank leak.  I looked at videos replaced the bolts as they were rusty, the gasket as that was old and wearing out and the supply line since that was old and stiff. 
The gasket and supply line are fine now, but I'm having a problem with a leak out of the back bolt of the tank.

I tried tightening the back bolt but there are still some leakes.  Also I feel like the gasket is gonna get crushed.  I used the korky 3 bolt kit that included the gasket.  Here's a pic of the gasket and angle the toilet tank is in.  I didn't want it to be that slanted towards the back but it was the only way to prevent the leak.  Should I just keep tightening all the screws and put more pressure on the gasket, or is there something else that could help.  Or is it possible there's a problem with the tank?

The toilet tank 14 years old from the date stamp in the tank. Any help would be great!
Does this look safe? Looking to rent this house but I’m wondering if the wires look safe or to code?
Can you use this stove even though it is cracked? 
Top down bottom up cellular shades Has anyone recently done a deep dive into top down bottom up shades? Best value? I don’t love the look but it’s the best option for the job and I can’t stand the humid paper blinds that were supposedly for “temporary use” 6 months ago.
I skunked my garage to back in better. Only works with a backup camera. Yep it looks like a skunk but no smell. If you don't have a backup camera it won't help unless it's outside where you see it with mirrors.
Replacing a Piece of Siding Hello, I'd like to replace a piece of vinyl siding. I have an unzipper tool, but it seems like the tool is too big to get all the way into the joint to actually hook onto anything. I've tried forcing it in, but get the same results everytime- the tool just comes right out when I pull down and out. I was wondering if there are alternative methods to get a piece of siding off, or if I'm doing anything wrong. The sidiing is vinyl, traditional lap. The house was built in the 1980s, but I'm not sure if this the original siding.
Bathroom - Paint Issue or Something Else? Recently noticed our bathroom paint is bubbling up (see pics)

We moved in here a couple of years ago and everything looked great, but the bathroom is quickly deteriorating. The bathroom doesn’t have a fan, so we had to start opening the window when we shower because it gets very humid and wet in there. 

Did the original owners just use the wrong type of paint that might not be water/mildew resistant or is there something else going on here? 

Any advice is appreciated.
How do you find fly nests or otherwise how they’re getting in So I’m a renter, and I’ve lived here for only a year or so. This summer I’m finding increasing numbers of flies in my kitchen. Everything time I come home I find like, 9 flies on my kitchen windows, opposite of the sink and cabinets. I’ve looked around at the sink, anywhere there might be the chance of rotten food, inside my garbage can, etc. I haven’t found anywhere a fly might come in, nor have I found maggots. It’s driving me crazy. The pic is of my kitchen, the windows where these assholes like to congregate. I’ll have to get traps or something this weekend, but any advice would be great
Wtf is this? Termite or big ant? 
First year construction sap is leaking out of this wood Is this warrantable?
Prevent exterior door from auto-locking Staying in this house whose front door locks every time it's closed. I thought I would be able to push in one of these buttons on the side to toggle the auto-lock on and off, but neither button is able to be pushed. How can I fix...?
switches being installed next to mini split units…. Why?? 
Garage options Hello!  I have a metal garage door from the 1940's that was damaged by an automobile hitting it.  The opening for it is 8 x 7.  Could I replace it with barn doors that meet and could be locked from inside the garage?  I'm thinking that is a cheaper option than buying/installing a new metal door.
Hello. Virginia US here. Home was built in the 50s. Basements are new to me as I was born and raised in FL. I’m wondering if this his mountain inside my basement. Thank you. 
What is the best way to top a Pony wall? Our upstairs has an unfinished Pony Wall (1/2 wall) around our staircase. I'd love to top it with something that kicks it up a notch.

I'm planning to remove the carpeting on the stairs and would love to get it to match the stairs.
What is best adhesive for plastic to metal on threshold? South facing and gets really hot! 
How to layout couches? Hey guys, I am remodeling my home right now and I’m trying to figure out how I want to set up my couches, I was thinking of a sectional couch against that window window and the L shape going down the middle, but then that leaves a bunch of room behind the couch. Any bit of advice would help. Thank you so much!
What is your oldest appliance you have 
New cedar fence, how do I get rid of and prevent these stains from the landscape sprinklers? 
Tree branch dangling above power line after storm, utility company responsibility or mine? Had a major storm that left a large limb of a 65 foot tall tree dangling over a power line. I previously had the tree “cabled” aka adding support cables to prevent limbs from falling in a storm. 

The cables did the job and now a 20 foot limb is dangling over a power line, being held up by one of these cables. 

Is it my responsibility to address or my utility company? I plan to remove the tree but with lots of damage in my area it will be a bit before I can have it removed
Do I really need an entire new door frame and sidelights installed? I want to replace our front door, one of a different style, with glass in the upper portion, and different sidelights. I know I can replace the sidelights myself. Two different companies have told me I need to replace the entire door frame because it’s not possible to replace the fiberglass door and expect hinges and knob & latches to line up and fit and open and close properly. I don’t know the manufacturer of the original door as it was done by the previous homeowner. Is this really true or is there a close standard for these dimensions?
What the F is going on with my back door?! I heard a click while it was shutting last and poof, the door auto locked itself from both sides. I can’t get it unstuck to open! Should I take WD40 to the stoppers at the top and bottom? (Pictured)

Thanks so much in advance for any tips!
Tree Removal I have a tree that’s in an alley behind my house that presents a danger. Large branches continue to fall in the back alley and in my backyard. The city owns the alley but the tree falls into my property line. Is there anyway I can get the city to remove the tree?
Is there some sort of CarFax type website/app that I can log when complete upgrades and repairs? Looking for somewhere to log any type of changes to the house so I have have everything in one place. 
3 year old home won't cool down 
A very normal lightbulb 
Trailer, cleaning under and likely dead animals… Title. It’s a trailer. I’m pretty sure there are cats living underneath it and I’ve seen them drag in mice and rabbits. Kittens also seem to be missing, I’m not sure if predators got them, or they died underneath.

A relative passed away and while the trailer itself is nice, the space underneath obviously has issues.

The gap in skirting has an odor of trash/rotting, and I don’t have as much time as I’d like.

I’m planning on using an air horn to flush out the cats. And dousing it in vinegar from a pump sprayer before I make the trip under it next spring to clean it all out.

I’m wondering if anyone has better options, has experience in dealing with something similar, or would just have a better suggestion.

It’s rural. Animal control is not an option. I’m not there enough to justify live traps (if I could even find 7 of them to use), and I’d like to be as ethical as possible in dealing with the problem.

I’d appreciate ***any*** other options from someone who has more experience than me.
Metal pipe in ground Bought a 1949 home and noticed a hole in the ground (~2” in diameter) in the back yard. Goes down a few feet and pools with water. Any ideas what it might be? 

Home is old so figured it could be an old septic or well system, but not sure how to confirm.
Need advice on gates Hi, UK resident here so hardware options may be different.

I have designed a gate to go on a doubly sloping driveway entrance (road slope as well as driveway slope up) and I’m planning on using adjustable hinges so the gate leaves slant up when open (see image).

Problem is that despite my detailed schematics, wife can’t visualise what they will look like when open (it’s important as they will mostly sit open during the day). I can’t find anything online, it’s almost like people don’t want to talk about it! All gates are photographed shut.

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/a6c49j7k64db1.png?width=1349&format=png&auto=webp&s=867e0cc61c4154c97dbcb01b85bddf80476b2fe6

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/cijyku6l64db1.png?width=283&format=png&auto=webp&s=5f01033c794a9af7d76cdb59dc4b2dc10f420992

&#x200B;

Can any one share pictures of a slanting gate when open (not one using rising hinges that make the gate leaves slant sideways as well though)?

thanks
Does anyone know what doorbell chime this is, I can’t get the bloody thing to open (aus) 
Are these fixable? Are these baseboard corners fixable? I rent an apartment or else I’d have them replaced. 
Also need recommendations that are somewhat easy/simple (if possible)
Help with this paint edge discovery So I pulled off a small kitchen window sill edge (behind the sink) to allow me to more easily tile in the future, and I found the paint edge underneath and all the coats are loose in a spot and could be yanked off the backing. How far off, I’m scared to find out! From that starting place in the pic, you could at least start pulling it off like a sheet of paper.

What’s the best way to tackle this, we just added a primer coat and two flat coats to these layers last month, in flat latex paint. It’s an older house (50s), and my plans for a kitchen tile backsplash now seem in jeopardy if, what I thought, was a solidly smooth and clean painted surface is actually a liability for holding any weight up.

How should I address this? Chip, peel, and scrape away til it stops and then sand, skim some compound, and prime?

Thanks for any advice!
What is going on here? New construction, water under indoor HVAC unit, condensation on unit; help. XPost r/HVAC 
Should I be concerned about this damage to my ceiling? I first noticed this late last year but it didn't look this bad. I only noticed that it got worse as it got hotter outside. Above the ceiling is a bathroom. I tried checking to see if was water damage after using the shower and toilet but it did not feel wet. What could have caused it and should it be something that I should urgently be worried about?
Pooling Water - Proposed Solutions Thanks to the help of everyone, I think I have two proposed solutions to tackle the pooling water I have (my home): https://imgur.com/a/tUXV3IE 

1) Use some floor leveler on the roof felt, then perhaps cover it with more felt


2) Lay some wood down, cover that with felt

The wood idea seems best as using the level material seems like it will be hard to control the slope. Either way I need to cover both in new felt to protect it, curious what type of felt I should use, from Googling it's not clear. 

Very much appreciate everyone's help!
Seeking help 
Can my door be fixed up or is it time to replace? My wife and I are doing a puppy trial so we kept her in the bathroom while we were at work since we have tile there and it's much easier to clean than carpet. Maybe that wasn't the best idea. Not sure what to do with this puppy or the door. Any advice is welcome.
Ice box Does anyone have a updated guide to ice making and storage?

My cellar stays around 38-40 degrees year round. Not cold enough to make ice so I'm making it on the surface during winter. My question is should I be insulating the ice box in my cellar as much as possible to try to get to freezing temps or is that even possible? Should I just plan on making new ice every winter to meet my summer needs?
Squeaky and moving first stair nose I just got carpet removed and LVP put it. The stairs is hardwood except the first piece of stair nose is LVP. As you can see in the video it’s squeaky and can easily be pushed down. It’s especially noticeable when stepping on it. Is this something that can be fixed? What should I ask for to be fixed? Thanks 
What is the noise coming from my walls? Lived in the house for 3 years. Recently started noticing a buzzing noise coming from one of the corners of the house. Thought it may be electrical wiring gone bad but I turned off the electricity to the room completely and was still hearing this noise. It's localized to one small area only. I don't see any hornets etc outside my house. What could be making this noise?
How to fill in holes in the wall? I have two large “window” holes in my kitchen wall. There used to be glass panes in the wall but I took them out with the intention of filling them in and making a whole solid wall. I took out the panes, however, I have no idea how to go about making it a whole wall again. I attached some photos below to show what I’m exactly dealing with, I just need some help with getting started and what’s the best way to go about it. I have the weekend off, hoping to run to Home Depot and do it then :)
Is it normal for a water softener brine tank to look like this? First time adding more salt in a new water softener system (new house) and the water looked funky. Is this just the result of a dirty tank / salt or is this not normal?

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/n8jxh4izh0db1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=958a97a317a1e7109e34aaa4689da7d43c6ecf90
Termite Control I bought my house in 2020 towards the end of the year, and the inspector mentioned there were visible signs of termites in the backyard.

We got the previous homeowners to do a chemical barrier of sorts around the house and then the summer of 2021 we paid about 2k to have a pest control company install termite poison traps around the perimeter of our house and yard. Pricy, but they told us we would be under warranty. The brand is Sentricon.

Every year since then they do an annual inspection and add more poison traps, and this comes out to be at least $300 a year.

Money is tight and I was wondering if this was a common way to deal with termites and how other people are handling termites. I'm a bit annoyed with the company as they tried to get me to do their fancy ~pest proof insulation~ back in February and they wanted 21k for that. I didn't bite.
Moisture on insulation We have an unfinished basement. You can see the pink insulation on the exterior walls, covered in plastic. 

I noticed that there are some areas that have moisture on the inside of the plastic... It makes the insulation look like cotton candy. 

Could it be that it's too hot outside and we have our AC pumping? I did noticed some humidity on our main floor windows sometimes. 

Just wondering if it's a time to worry or not.. first house so we are learning but hoping that it's not expensive!
How can I fix this leak? Moved into a 1950s house last fall and am slowly bankrupting myself with all the repairs I’ve had to do. 
Last night, there was a thunderstorm and power outage. I found a small puddle in the basement (so small I blamed the cats at first). Today, I see the water came in from behind the electrical panel and ran down the wall. 
Is there any way I can repair this myself? Can’t afford another professional. Thanks in advance.
What is this? We have had some heavy rains but this doesn’t feel like water damage. It seems to have just appeared. It’s near the bottom of the wall.
What are the steps to replace this? Hail damaged, need some inputs to replace this. Thanks
First stucco house, should I caulk around the house? First house,  I’m looking to redo and start caulking things around the house,  is this something I should be caulking?
How do I seal this attic better? My attic in my son's room in the summer gives off a slight smell like humid wood or something. What's the most cost effective way to seal it better?
Pink Dots Growing On Wood Patio Wall? I spotted tiny pink dots growing on a few boards of an outdoor patio wall where they meet the ground (other wooden boards). The internet suggested mold but none of the examples looked quite like these. Curious if anyone has any thoughts and whether it impacts the integrity of the patio wall (we’re on the ground floor, just a privacy wall) and how to best remediate. 

I live in Boston, which has seen high heat, high
Humidity and heavy rain recently. 

Grateful for any ideas.
Nail Pops I had my siding done recently which caused several nail pops on the interior walls in regards to the drywall

I have been watching YouTube videos about fixing them and it seems pretty easy to do. 

Most of what I watched mentioned to put two screws. One above the nail pop and another one below the nail pop. 

My question is that since I have several of them and also on the same stud, would I be running the risk of splitting the stud if I am going to be screwing several screws on the same stud? 

Also, my second question is if I am putting two screws on above and below of each nail pop, does it matter what I do to the existing nail pop? Whether that is hammering it back in, replacing it with another screw or just taking it out?
What is this in my bathroom ceiling? Recent home purchase. Any idea what this is? Looks like a light sensor maybe but I can't tell how it would be hooked up or work. Certainly hasn't ever turned the lights on or off since we've been here (a few months).
How should I seal this crack? Had an ant infestation. Kill them all now I need to seal off this crack between the pavement and foundation. Any ideas?
Can i get away with no shingles? I’ve built a patio cover and am at the roofing phase. I chose to enclose to the top to protect us from the sun mostly (so cal). The roof is pitched slightly but for sake of argument I’m treating it as a flat roof. 

I’ve installed GAF peel and stick roof leak barrier so far. 

My question is - do i “need” shingles and a drip edge here since it’s not a habitable structure?
HVAC American standard freedom 78 question Hello everyone and thanks in advance. My blower motor and capacitor needs replaced on my 25ish year old furnace. I was told by the technician they can put a “rescue blower?” in as they obviously don’t make this part anymore. 

He stated that it would only last 3 months to 2 years before needing replaced again and I should maybe look into getting the furnace replaced? This seems strange to me. The first blower lasted 25 years and if i go the replace blower option I’ll pay ~1k dollars and it may only work from 3 months to 2 years? Thanks for any insight!
passing through window Just saw the post of [Bobby](https://www.instagram.com/reel/CuC4t-Isnwy/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link&igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==) of his passing through window and I was wondering if anyone has one  and if they would recommend it?   


I think it would be fun to have the option to pass food through when I have a bbq with friends. I also like that I can air out the kitchen even more especially in case I cook something with a strong smell.   


would love to hear y'alls opinion. :)
Need Help With Dryer Outlet What is this prong set called? All the dryer wires I find have the circle prong up top but this has a square one in the middle. I can not find a wire for it.
Hole under clean out waste pipe cap- how big of an issue is this? I recently moved into this house and found a hole basically under the cap of the clean out pipe. It’s in an area where water could pool, so I feel that the previous owner may have done this intentionally to prevent water from pooling right next to the foundation. 

How big of a deal is this, is it something I should get fixed asap?
How should I go about repairing this? It’s a doorknob dent. Do I need to use some sort of filler first? Seems too deep to just spread drywall mud over. 
I have pooling water on the balcony, what is the best way to slope it to stop this? Thanks! 
door jamb weather stripping advice Looking to better seal our exterior door from the elements. I can see daylight from a corner of the door. There is worn weather stripping currently that would be good to replace.

Could I add [this product](https://www.homedepot.ca/product/m-d-building-products-2-x-82-inch-1-x-36-inch-vinyl-spring-loaded-top-sides-door-jamb-weather-stripping-set-white/1001120739) in addition to the existing worn weather stripping? Or would this product replace the need for this stripping entirely?

I like the idea of the spring loaded jamb and the install looks very easy.

Thinking I can just screw it into the metal casing around the door.

Long time lurker but first time poster.....loving the community.

Happy home maintenance to all! :)

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/50b9nehf9ycb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=d4e7427e29db18bb0578365c9a179e8c3861b3d9

&#x200B;
Which A/C are best for longevity Just had my AC serviced. The tech said if I want my A/C to work better and last longer I should switch from the HDX (mid grade home depot brand) filters to the cheap green walmart filters because they allow more air flow. 

Which filters are best for the A/C?
What’s wrong with my energy bill!!! I’ve been paying an average of about 650 a month for electricity since moving into my new house and I still can’t figure out what’s wrong! Am I being charged too much? My pool consumes as much energy as the average household in my area. Could there be an issue with the panel? Any help would be appreciated! Images of my energy bill as well as monitored consumption is attached.
Help! Won’t thread, brand new. I’m not sure if this is the place to post this. I got a brand new exercise bike, and this L-knob won’t thread. I’ve tried two different ones and neither will catch. 

Is there a way for me to fix this without sending it back?
Closet connected to attic smells musty. Is there anything I can do to make my clothes not stink? The ceiling lifts off the closet to get into the attic. I think the musty/old people smell may be coming from there.

I painted the closet with odor sealing primer, but it still smells musty inside. I’ve also tried those baking soda balls to get rid of scents, but it doesn’t seem to be helping enough. I don’t want my clothes to smell! Is there anything else I can do?
Leaking Drain After Re-pipe Leaking Again After Re-Pipe

10 Months ago we hired a Plumbing Company to solve a bad water leak under our mobile home. They did a full re-pipe and installed a new drain under our bathtub. 3 weeks later they finished and they said it was done.

Now it appears to be leaking again. Just wondering if this is something the Plumbing Company should fix, considering its still under a year since they did the job. Paid them way too much money for this to be happening and am at a loss.
Flooded Crawlspace I have a flood related question. Our crawlspace was flooded very recently. The water left a lot of mud and silt on the slab. Since this is a major disaster, the companies that deal with this sort of thing are booked out for weeks. The affected area is about 1700ft.  I'm trying to dry the space out to prevent mold, and get started on some cleanup while we wait for the pros. We've had two schools of thought:  
1. Pop a lot of the skirting off and let air move under the house, which I've currently done.   
2. Invest in a dehumidifier that fits under the house.  


I'm thinking if we go the dehumidifier route, the skirting should be put back in place so the dehumidifier can do it's job. Otherwise, it's just pulling moisture of the atmosphere and not under the house. Thanks to anyone who has any thoughts on this. 
Window AC has been leaking through porch cellar door into basement. Today while emptying the dehumidifier in my basement I heard dripping in the stairs that lead to my side porch. I'll include pics, these stairs look very run down. House was purchased like this, and was not deemed to be a problem for foundations through a reliable inspector (same guy I use for all home purchases). 

Anyways, the window AC sits just above the cellar door to the basement. It seems to have been leaking for a considerable time. I see some pretty bad mold and am treating with hydrogen peroxide. I turned off the AC unit, cleaned the filter, and wiped away and air dusted as much moisture as possible on the unit and window frame. I also move the dehumidifer to be as close to this portion of the stairs as possible. But, the ground here is quite moist. 

I guess my question is, what else do I need to do to handle this situation? I am worried about long lasting damage. But, I cannot afford to do much right now. I have experienced several emergencies over the past month that have left me drained of savings and living paycheck to pay check. Things feel very hopeless right now. 

Pics:

I'll start with the money shot: here's [the worst of the mold](https://i.imgur.com/wD1qXS3.jpg)

[AC Unit pre-cleaning](https://i.imgur.com/tHX3N8F.jpg). The panel where the corner isn't brown is where it is (was) seeping into the  basement.

[Basement top pic](https://i.imgur.com/9D8P6g4.png). You can see the dark spots where wood is wet. It is still dripping as of ~15 min later. 

[Basement bottom pic](https://i.imgur.com/GJxGpL6.jpg). The wire is old, unused heat tape. Wood panel used to be a stair. Top dirt is where the wet was coming in. 

[Higher quality pic of the beams and potential mold](https://i.imgur.com/nN5AZaf.jpg)

[I assume mold, on this old heat tape. It has been disposed of](https://i.imgur.com/XDsfH4A.jpg). Some of this white fluff is old insulation. 

Some home info: Built in 1919. Been through lots of remodels. Recent repairs from previous owners were well documented. The foundation is stone. 

How fucked am I?
Blackout Curtain Options We just moved into a new apartment in a larger city and the rolling shades do not do a great job of blocking out the street light. Normally I would change out the shade, but being that we’re renting I’m not sure the property would appreciate it. I would hang some black out curtains but I’m in a bind with the way this shade is set up. 

Any ideas on what I could do here? I’ve looked around on the internet but nothing suitable is coming up in my search. I’m wanting to hang something in front of them so we can still utilize the natural light when we aren’t trying to sleep.
New carpets but can feel spikes on the edge of carpet Hey, I just wanted to know if this is normal. So I just spent over 2000 pounds buying carpets and getting them fitted and when they left, they had left all of the cuttings and carpet tacks that were unused so I was clearing it all up when i noticed that there were spikes on the edge of one of the rooms. I went on to check and I could feel them around the edges of every room in the house. I'm guessing these are carpet tacks to keep the carpet held down but is this normal? I have a toddler so I am worried that she could get hurt if she presses her fingers down on the edge of the floor...
Is this corner area that's recessed in my shower pan a water weep/gap area? It was caulked after grouting. Should I remove that? 
Condenser Leak Issue For context I had a service appointment already today and my issue reappeared after they left, so I'm not opposed to calling a professional. 

Here's the issue- my condenser line runs from my unit in the attic (2 story house) down through my garage wall and then out at the bottom of that wall. There is a leak somewhere between the top of the first floor and the bottom of the attic. I know this because of visible water damage to the garage drywall I had already cut a hole in the garage drywall. Water is leaking by dripping off the header in the top of the garage wall and then dripping down from there. This issue was not occurring last summer. 

Service tech came today. Upon initial visual said there must be an issue with a joint of the pipe (PVC) somewhere. He then blew nitrogen (I think) to test the line to determine where the issue was. 

We went up to the unit and it appeared that a gallon or so of water was blown back up out through an exhaust portion of the line because the area around it near the unit was all wet. This led the tech to conclude that there was a clog which caused the water to back up and slowly seep out a joint somewhere. After running the air for 10-15 min there was no moisture present at the previous leak site and water was slowly draining from the line seemingly normally. Issue now resolved and we should get regular maintenance of the system, which living here now for 2 years, we haven't. 

Except, it's not resolved. After a few hours of use the leak has returned. My first inclination is to call the same company to come back asap. 

The other options we discussed were cutting into the wall on the 2nd floor to try to find the issue. The issue with this is because that wall has a floor to ceiling built in shelf/cabinet unit covering it, so none of the drywall is presently visible. So if there is a leak, I can't see it so we have to cut into the shelf unit just to try to find of the leak is present there. 

I asked about capping the existing line and extending the line to the exterior of the wall directly from the attic. This would at least stop sending water down this apparently faulty path. Admittedly I may to deal with some kind of water issue in the wall at some point. 

My only hesitation with calling the company back is I didn't love the 'settling up' part. Inspection service was quoted at $75. After doing what seemed like part of the inspection, they quoted me $260 for the service. I asked what this was for beyond the inspection and he said, 'ya know, labor'. Seemed opportunistic but I was feeling like this issue was resolved and I imagined it could've been much worse. 

So I'm considering getting someone else to take a look at the situation and see if there are any other possible options here. I was ecstatic that this was perhaps only a clog and the line was draining as normal. 

Am I being hard headed for not wanting to demo the built in shelf in the 2nd floor room to address this properly?
Bathroom vanities - one has green wood and other sink rusting? Hi there. I am thinking I need to redo my bathroom vanities. I think they are from the mid or late 80s. 

One of them (first pic) has green stuff on the wood. What is that?

The next two photos are from my other bathroom vanity. Is the sink rusting?

Do you think I can fix this or should I just redo everything? And do you think I need to redo just the sinks or the vanities as well?

I never thought I was going to be in this house as long as I have been and now it’s been 7 years so I’m thinking I should make some updates before selling. 

Thanks for your help!
How do I get a brick out of a sump pump pit? I have an outdoor sump pump pit in my backyard that had loose bricks around the edge. Last week I noticed a brick had fallen in on top of the pump. I tried to lift the pump out to grab the brick, but it managed to slide off into the bottom of the pit. The pump is now on top of the brick. 

The pit is about 7-8 feet deep, and 10 inches in diameter. Too deep to reach in, and too narrow for something like a rake or shovel to try and get under it. Any ideas on how to get this brick out?
AC unit retaining water I got a new HVAC system installed and they added this small pipe to connect to the pump. Yet there is water constantly in it and it seems like the pump isn't taking it all away. There hasn't been any back ups but should I be worried?
Repainting Porch In Rainy Climate My grandfather has been asking me all summer to repaint his 50+ year-old porch because its started peeling (originally done 2010ish, but he doesn't remember how or by who). I know that stain is better than paint, but he insists he wants it painted. The problem: it rains unpredictably and at least every 2-3 days where we live. I don't have faith the pressure wash will ever fully dry out. It'll likely get the primer and topcoat wet as well.  
Every time I try to google it, the results are just "Wait for a dry forecast!", which isn't helpful. Anyone have tips for how to get it to look good and hold up for a few years until I can pay someone with experience in our area to do it properly?
Estimate for adding a basement As the title says. My home has no basement. I really would like to have one because tornadoes are common in my area. I was wondering what it might cost to add a basement to a home without one and if it's possible. It does have a small crawlspace but I've never been in it. My home is listed at 1100 Square Feet. Any ideas?
Water softener/filter hissing noise Bought a home a little over a year ago and this recently started making a continuous hissing noise. Haven't messed with it at all, it runs a backwash cycle as normal daily. I'm confused on its purpose though because it doesn't soften the water; there's no brine tank hooked up to it. The previous owners confirmed it's not a water softener but that it "helps filter the water". Will it have to be cleaned or washed out or something periodically? I believe it was installed in 2018.
What is this on my bedroom ceiling? Just bought a 1940s house in northern VA. And wasn’t able to figure out what this is and it’s the only one in the house. We did get the house inspected except this room cause it was completely filled with the seller’s moving boxes
32 inch fridge w/features Hey everyone,

My mother has been looking for a new fridge but having trouble. She’s looking for something with a ice maker/filtered water dispenser on the door. However it needs to fit through her door, which is only 32 inches wide.

Is that combo quite rare or hard to find? I’m trying to help her out and a bit surprised at the difficulty she is having.

Thanks!
Massive gap between Trim. Painting the trim and the whole house but these gaps make the paint job look like a shit landlord special. Any idea how to fix it ?
Deck sealing It seems like a catch 22. If I pressure wash my deck thoroughly it gets down to the fresh green treated wood. Then because of those chemicals being exposed, whatever sealer I use does not like to stick to it. But of course you have to clean it thoroughly so the sealer can adhere. What am I missing? Also, what are the common sealers and types of people recommend?  I think I'll go with clear.
Vinyl plank separating House is old. Floor is uneven. Not to mention shitty install. 

Is there anything reasonable that I can do? Some kind of caulk?
Ants or termites? Found these in a 2nd floor bathroom. I do live on an anthill but want to make sure. No signs of droppings yet. Ordered more Terro already.
I’ve recently put down a vapor barrier in my Crawlspace and now condensation from the ac is pooling on it. Is this enough to cause mold problems? The rest of the Crawlspace is very dry, I live in NC. Also, should this portion of the AC be insulated to prevent so much moisture? 
Air filter assembly incorrect? I'm about to leave town for a few days, and I was replacing my air filter before I leave. However, the airflow arrow on the new filter is the reverse of what I have always seen (is facing away from the mesh and in the direction of the pleats). I'm trusting my instinct, which tells me this is wrong, and the frame was just glued on in the wrong direction, but I want to be sure before I leave it unattended. Can somebody please confirm if what I'm thinking is correct? I'm open to me being wrong and this being done kind of special construction I'm not familiar with.
Recommendations/Advice for Cabinetry Vendor Hi! We are planning for a significant overhaul of our kitchen. Need advice on whether we should go for local vendors or a place like home depot/lowes to buy the new cabinets. 

Also, if anyone is from the greater Seattle area, would really appreciate some cabinetry shop recommendations!!
Issues with basement flooding during heavy rains  I've been having an issue with our finished basement getting flooded during heavy rains after we had our driveway paved. The driveway is slightly sloped towards our house (two garage doors and basement door). We have a trough drain that is installed in front of the doors that normally is able to collect all the water and send it to a storm drain. The trough drain can only move so much water and gets backed up during very heavy rains. The basement door is about 4'' above the lowest point of the furthest garage door, so we have to have about that much water sitting up against the garage door before the trough drain backs up enough to seep through the basement door. I'm not terribly concerned about getting a little water in the garage occasionally. Each bay has its own sewer drain.

Previously all of our downspouts were connected to the storm drain. I have redirected all of the downspouts out to the yard which has helped, but has not fully solved our issue.

I would really like some help coming up with ideas that do not involve regrading our driveway.

One thought that I have is to create an overflow channel (refer to photo 2) which would involve cutting out \~6'' of asphalt up along the foundation and putting some rocks or gravel to direct it to a collection point for a previously existing yard drain (the channel would be the yellow part in the photo). I had a landscaper suggest this would be a bad idea because water could then get up under the foundation of the house. In my mind we used to have gravel along the entire area and never had a problem with that, but I'd be curious to see what you all think. Thanks!

[https://imgur.com/cKUAb0E](https://imgur.com/cKUAb0E) \- Photo 1 - Downspouts

[https://imgur.com/dHXd6ai](https://imgur.com/dHXd6ai) \- Photo 2 - Trough Drain

[https://imgur.com/q8kb2F4](https://imgur.com/q8kb2F4) \- Photo 3 - Basement Door

[https://imgur.com/Mqh3GPK](https://imgur.com/Mqh3GPK) \- Photo 4 - Picture of the driveway
Why do my ride pods not break? Whenever I wash my clothes in my washing machine, my tide pods never fully break and I find myself having to run the load multiple times before I stop seeing residue. What’s the problem and how do i fix?
Why is it so hot in our condo? I’m trying to understand why it’s so hot inside our condo. During the day, it’s completely understandable, the sun hits it so it get hot.

But the issue is that’s it’s hot 24/7. It’s like the heater is on. It is currently 86° with the windows and doors open, outside it’s 69°. It is 10:30pm, the sun settled over 2 hours ago.

Our condo building is facing West, with a unit behind us facing East. There is another condo building in front of us so around 6/7pm, the sun isn’t hitting our building anymore.

We are on the second floor. I’ve verified that the heaters are not on, the only appliance that’s running is the fridge.

We have a portable AC, we tried running it and it struggles to get down to 80° but within minutes it jumps back up to 86° after turning it off.

We have a half vaulted ceilings, don’t know if that makes a difference or not.

We just don’t understand why it’s so hot or what can we do about it. 

For reference, the lowest temperature our condo reaches is 80° at 7am when the outside temperature is low 60’s.
Help bathroom exhaust fan In the pictures am i supposed to cut more of the cieling right on the right side of the pic so that the whole piece comes out including eith the tube part and will i have to cover it up?
Is it dangerous to let my house be humid? Suddenly the weather has gotten quite humid. I don’t really mind it, and don’t have a/c, etc. Sometimes I’ll use a little ceiling fan or box fan. But, is it dangerous for the house to be humid? Like, will it impact the integrity? Thank you!
The normal temperature of the ceiling ventilation area in India in such hot summer spells?  **What is the normal temperature of the ventilation area between the fake ceiling and the real ceiling of a house in India in such hot summer spells?** 
Possible asbestos? At a loss. Ceiling collapsed today. Older home, not in the best shape. Any chance at possibly identifying risk from these photos? 
Remodeling basement. My joists meet a framed wall leaving an ugly gap at the top - is there a solution that doesn’t impact the basements integrity like building a wood border ? 
How should I sister this joist? The joist is about 7 feet from where it butts against main beam to the blocking shown in the second picture. Total length is about 12ft. Can I sister to the blocking, or do I need to remove the blocking and sister the entire length? I only ask because getting a 12 foot board in that space above the garage door track is going to be a pain. And the split doesn’t yet reach the blocking. Thanks!
Door won’t latch This is my first time installing a door knob and I’ve moved the latch everywhere to try and get the new knob to latch… I’m starting to think the knob is defective but wanted to run it by you all to see if anyone has any insights!! My fear is it’s defective because the strikeplate won’t go flesh against the latch.
How do I remove this? 
35sqm loft type house PH Hi. Would like to ask for your insights on this one. So my mom and I are planning on building a japanese style loft house in a 35sqm lot that was given to us. My concern was, I am the current breadwinner of our family and was wondering how much should I save to prepare on this. I'm just afraid the cost for this will be much higher in the upcoming years so I am also planning on getting a loan to be able to start it maybe this year or the next. However, my friend told be to hire a firm to do it and not just a foreman. How much do you think it would cost for the overall building of this house if I hire a firm?
Btw, the lot title was not yet transferred but it's not a problem. 

Thank you for reading and for your insights on this one.
What is this? Found this on my deck today. Can’t tell if it’s from a plant/tree or bugs or something else. Nothing is moving. Anyone know?
How to Hide Garage Pipes As a new proud homeowner in Miami, I am looking for advice on how to best hide the exposed pipes on the wall in the far picture. The copper pipe feeds water to the refrigerator and the others hold the circuitry cables feeding power to the washer and dryer unifs.
Base Trim Ideas Two separate contractors, first to build shelf (#4) layed poplar vertical planks down to the concrete, second contractor to lay flooring but it isn’t flush with the shelf wood. Ideas on how to cover up the cracks/extend the trim?  Don’t really like the white trim against the natural wood. Thank you!
Slow toilet tank leak w/ disintegrating valve seal gasket My toilet tank has recently started slowly leaking, and refilling every 20-30 minutes. This happened a year ago or so, and a new flapper fixed the issue, but it returned recently. I can buy a new flapper, but when I look in the toilet, I see there's a black gasket of some sort sitting around the flush valve that's falling apart (pieces of it flake off to the touch). It seems like that black gasket is blocking the flapper from making a tight seal, allowing the slightest bit of water to leak through (and eventually, causing the tank to refill)

I'm assuming I should replace that gasket first, but wanted to check here if that sounds right. And make sure to clean out the disintegrated piece really well so that the new gasket forms a good seal.  Here's some pics: [https://imgur.com/a/Ulr8Ez9](https://imgur.com/a/Ulr8Ez9)
What could this be used for? This ladder like object is on the underside of a porch roof, next to a pool.
The holes are not lined up.
You can't slide in something from the lower side.
The nails stick thru the roof, so storing pool noodles doesn't make sense either.  Not sure how they'd get there, but they'd get tore up.
You could hang sometime from the holes, but no reason for it to be built as one piece for that.
Any ideas?
Anti frost hose I have an outdoor anti frost hose that i need to be replaced. Do i need a plumber or a handy man can do it? I’m in Seattle area , how much roughly such a simple project cost?
Hello. Price to build my own 4x8 shed is roughly $350. On Amazon they have 8x6 kits excluding the floor for around $260. Thoughts? 
Bought our first home about a year ago. It’s not perfect but proud of the progress we’ve made so far. Before/After
First time having a roof replaced. Overall looks great, but the flashing around the chimneys seems sloppy to me. Is this worth requesting they redo it or is this as good as I can expect? 
Is this Mold? If so, how big an issue is this? My wife and I live in a townhome built in \~1997 that we bought about 18 months ago. We recently hired a contractor to help us replace an old pedestal sink (probably original) with a new vanity. When the contractor went to remove the old sink, some tiles ended up coming up with it exposing a plywood floor beneath it. Our contractor thinks the builder may have used the plywood to elevate the floor, but he's not sure. Either way, it seems like the tiles were glued to the plywood and then grouted.

Originally, we were just going to look for a similar tile to fill in the gap left from the sink and forget about it since we hadn't planned on spending a significant amount of money in that bathroom but when my wife looked at one of the loose tiles she saw what looked like black mold on the back. **Is that actually mold or is it an adhesive of some type?** Our contractor did say that if there had been a leak at some point he would've expected the wood to warp and cause other tiles to crack or shift and as far as we can tell that hasn't happened.

If this is mold, next question is how concerned should we be? The bathroom is *very* small, but it does have a tub/shower. We haven't used this bathroom hardly at all since we moved in, but my wife is going to be moving her desk down there soon so it will be getting more use.

Any thoughts would be much appreciated!

https://preview.redd.it/ldvu5srprscb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=e8c2e9f2f70a6a8569338c78876842782504fcce

https://preview.redd.it/uo2c44sprscb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=1c7a20d00a3c556056a05eaae42687f03a0fb658
Is purchasing a home in a trailer park a bad investment? Someone I know was looking into it seriously and then I was talking to another friend who had looked into it too. She told me that due to what you're actually getting for the money and the way taxes work make it a poor investment since you don't own the land, etc. 

What do you guys think? Also sorry if this is not the right sub to ask this in.

Edit: additionally, is it a better option than just renting if you can't buy an actual home?

Edit2: Thanks everyone. I think you've given a good and diverse amount of information to consider here. It's appreciated.
Bugs Is there a way to irradiate these quickly? Outside the house.
How to repair this inner wall crack? Started redecorating and tore two layers of wallpaper and god knows how many layers of paint off the wall to discover this bad crack in the inner wall. Don't think it's anything sinister as the room is part of an extension and I think it's just from settling.
Lawn Mower Storage - Tips? Hey Reddit,

Just got a new property and don’t have the funds for a full shed storage option right now.

I am thinking about putting pavers down on my lawn and storing my riding mower with a tarp or mower cover in the back yard, the garage is too tight for the mower to stay there.

What is the best method for laying pavers? Dig out grass and soil, place gravel down, and then pavers? 

I want something that will disperse moisture and not sink down.

I am in Florida and the home is built on red/orange clay that is fairly compacted. 

Thanks for any tips!
Ring doorbell wires Replaced old doorbell with video doorbell. Those are the original wires which run through the brick into dorbell now. I really don’t know what to buy to place over these wires that I taped up. Any ideas would be appreciated.
Foundation wall in Garage Wall in garage has a small crack running down in.  Only on the inside as it is above grade on the outside portion of the block.  New build house
What are some things you didn't know you needed until you got your first home? Moving into our first home and making a shopping list. Would love to hear about some things that make life easier or stuff that people tend to forget but is necessary. Basics or fancy - anything goes!
Cooleroo Patio Shade I have this patio [shade](https://www.lowes.com/pd/Coolaroo-Outback-Exterior-Roller-Shade-Mocha-Light-Filtering-Cordless-OutdoorRoller-Shade-Actual-122-75-in-x-72-in/50223029), but the anchors securing the support pipe do not sit firmly and it falls off after a few days and when it is windy. Any suggestions on a better alternative?
Straight ceiling crack, best way to DIY cosmetic fix Hard to see from pic, but I've got a perfectly straightline crack on my living room ceiling. I know isn’t structural and it just happens as the house settles, but if I wanted to make it smooth once more, what would be the best way to go about it? I'd be a beginner skill level. Should I even bother?
Contractor price change: what can and should I do?  I am based in NJ

I've been working with a contractor to add solar panels, a generator, and replace the gutters on my home.

We worked out a quote and signed a contract.

Regarding the generator, they are now attempting to raise the overall cost by about 15% due to the location of the generator. Essentially, the hookups would require work not otherwise contemplated in the original agreement (according to the contractor).

I'd like to know what, if anything, my recourse is.

Some key facts (though I can add more if anyone has more questions):

* The contract signed has language that says "Generator/ Generator hook-up price given at the time of sale is an estimate only. Once the Site Survey has been completed, our electrician and plumber will review to confirm the installation site, location of all electrical and gas components and appropriate generator size".  

   * I did raise this, in email, with my sales person and was told the price is 99% accurate. Further, his manager originally said the price would stay the same.
* Throughout the process, the salesperson (in email) has gone with "the price is all-inclusive with no added or hidden fees" (paraphrasing here but I can find the actual text in email).
* With respect to the placement of the generator, there is no alternative placement aside from what's been proposed (my panel is on the corner of the house that's surrounded by the driveway).  

   * I did discuss this with the sales guy but I don't know if I have that in email.
Help w/ Pricing Basement Renovation I recently had my basement waterproofed. We had some efflorescence buildup on a concrete wall and all below grade walls were bowing inward by approx 2 inches. Two companies specializing in basement issues reviewed it and recommended sump pumps, which is what we went with. This also included putting a white canvas on most basement walls to prevent future water issues. I'm not surprised that the basement contractors recommended an expensive fix and I'm not 100% it was necessary, but what's done is done.

I now need to get the basement back to normal. This involves replacing flooring next to the walls, putting up woods slats on the wall, and some dry wall. I've attached pictures to this post. The ceiling is 8.5 feet. The walls that need work are 35 feet long, 12 feet long, 10 feet long, and 7 feet long, respectively.

I received a quote to complete the work for 30-35k. That is based on the estimated cost of materials, labor, and a 25% surcharge. I'm pretty surprise by this number. I thought the range would be 10-15k. Unfortunately, its the only quote I've received, so I'm having a difficult time gauging whether it is reasonable. Thoughts?

Oh, and I should mention that I have most if not all of the flooring material. The contractor thought most of it could be reused.

[10 foot wall](https://preview.redd.it/f1j06vivhrcb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=3d49af480f10bf7ae63da8dc571a57b5ae501443)

[10 foot wall](https://preview.redd.it/kikcouivhrcb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=fac39ca883c3272c05f2e19d9dd4f01be906a068)

[10 foot wall](https://preview.redd.it/y8kvauivhrcb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=e3e5f3b6e908cd97eb10c49bff9a66f7c7de4bd7)

[7 foot wall, only place that needs dry wall](https://preview.redd.it/9zgszzivhrcb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=7f9e0e4a6ae960037c8946c2811a74928b11642b)

[Corner of 35 foot and 12 foot walls](https://preview.redd.it/a928suivhrcb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=79b41e990498e99deac76d086a89540fcf73b221)

https://preview.redd.it/kb5pvzivhrcb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=cc021ac0fa98bc1cc66bbcee16f94ea3f3ef49c4

https://preview.redd.it/qcv7l0jvhrcb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=f15f7e63fae494bf2bc3951c839075a89b04bb5e

[12 foot wall](https://preview.redd.it/vwbrcwivhrcb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=8f728087ea7030bb7268a5b0b7ec351eea6f733f)

https://preview.redd.it/luw3lyivhrcb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c022fdb178018a861125e1f7e4314a9591c86b98

[35 foot wall](https://preview.redd.it/2179rxivhrcb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=e6cba49d8785e5864563516cb62996d1bae0f54b)

[Blueprint of basement. ](https://preview.redd.it/7k98trivhrcb1.png?width=1344&format=png&auto=webp&s=9ea0eb40b64ef0624c88a60678a2c725c0ca5e03)
Smoke detectors going off. **TL:DR:** Smoke detectors going off throughout the house, without explanation. New batteries, fairly new detector units. Multifamily home. I live in Unit 2 and Unit 1 is currently unoccupied. I have lived in the house for just a month. Alarms mostly going off in Unit 1, which has a busted HVAC system (=hot and humid), but today started going off in Unit 2 (which has AC). Typically it has sounded for 3 beeps and then stopped. 

**Long version:** 

Smoke detectors started going off at random intervals in Unit 1 in the middle of the night a few days ago. I went down to investigate. No smoke. No carbon monoxide. Initially it was happening every 15 minutes or so. The frequency reduced throughout the night. It was hard to pinpoint if it was a particular detector, as several of them are connected. But it seemed to originate from different detectors at different times. The next day, I changed all the batteries, checked for debris, and tested each one. The alarms would still go off occasionally (every few hours). No alarms went off upstairs. 

The AC is not working in Unit 1, which has made it fairly hot and humid and has created some paint fumes. I brought in fans and an air purifier and opened windows in case this was causing the issue. This did seem to reduce the frequency, but it still went off once or twice over the past couple of days.   


However, an alarm in Unit 2 (where I live) also went off randomly today. Unit 2 has working central AC.   


The detectors are less than a year old: First Alert.   


Any ideas?  I have contacted the manufacturer's support, and requested an electrician come under my home warranty. 
Flooding How do I prevent my walkway from flooding every heavy rain?
Am I crazy to get rid of a sink? Picture this...1980s era 2 story 3bed 2 bath house getting a long needed facelift. The upstiars holds 2 bedrooms (including the master) and a shared bathroom off the hall with single sink. Both bathrooms have the same layout, left side has the vanity and toilet behind a privacy wall. Back wall has a window. Rght side has a storage closet and tub/shower niche. 


Downstairs has a single bedroom (guest/hobby space) and a hallway bathroom with a vanity and 2 sinks. This restroom gets alot of foot traffic during the day and when there are visitors they also use this bathroom.


 I think 1 large central sink would make more sense and make it more distinct from the upstiars bathroom. The large vanity will also have even more storage for us or guests this way. 


My husband has hesitations about removing a sink.
 What do you all say?
need advice on kitchen renovation and layout - peninsula or island for this space? cant figure out where to move the fridge Partner and I just bought our first home and the first thing we want to do is remove the wall separating the dining room and kitchen. The current layout is a little tight with the cooktop and oven being right next to each other and there isn't a lot of counter space. If we remove the wall, where would the fridge move to if we did a peninsula?

We’re trying to figure out if the space would work better with a peninsula where the wall used to be or if we should put an island in the middle.

Any suggestion is welcome with how to optimize the space! Thanks in advance!!

[here is a rough drawing of the current floor plan and layout](https://preview.redd.it/gow0rkmx8rcb1.png?width=854&format=png&auto=webp&s=2263baa05d9f27f3d48a9204fd57a4f0a9d9fb20)

[Wall on the left would be removed](https://preview.redd.it/r2kjwh218rcb1.jpg?width=1086&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=4e9fc0dbcc88d0fd993aace6c6170ad94ffe01eb)

[Other side has a window limiting placement](https://preview.redd.it/to8zavfa8rcb1.jpg?width=1086&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=648e46feece991e948f4550c7ca1020172e03c80)

[there is a load bearing wall on the other side that cant be removed](https://preview.redd.it/654trzp89rcb1.jpg?width=1086&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=8277f2c8289a58d0c6ffbf1ee771bf94bcbf20b8)

[this is the other side of the wall with the dining room. we'd remove the right wall to open up the kitchen](https://preview.redd.it/wc7vcxic9rcb1.jpg?width=1086&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=3513d7b0fdaed307229f77ea72531dcfb3c88edd)

[idea 1 is remove the wall and put a peninsula counter in its place. where would the fridge go?](https://preview.redd.it/2820nm7l9rcb1.png?width=846&format=png&auto=webp&s=d54e0bc6dcd734f31b0700deb9039e2aee816483)

[idea 2 is we extend further and put an island in the middle](https://preview.redd.it/xc79e2mt9rcb1.png?width=894&format=png&auto=webp&s=f969a518271bc8bc7a9d998b21ca28c9600a866d)
Dishwasher - Upstairs Upstairs Washing Machine failed, leading to some water damage. It was sitting in a metal pan with a drain but either the drain didn't work or couldn't handle a decent amount of water.

What is the code for upstairs Washing machines? Do they have to be in one of the metal pans? Should there be a trigger switch (I don't know the name) that detect water in the pan and shuts off the power to the machine?

Wanting to make sure things are put in correctly. I really hated the old metal pan as it looked disgusting. Can't really clean it and of course it gets dust in it since it's next to the dryer.
Can't Locate Source of Odor- Getting Worse Hey r/home, my wife and I are smelling an increasingly strong odor/smell emanating in our living room that is most noticeable just as we walk into our house from our garage. The smell either dissipates quickly or we acclimate to it quickly enough and stop noticing it. But it's getting worse/more pronounced. It showed up about \~4 weeks ago. The odor is foul (it smells bad). I'm not sure how to describe it other than is does *not* smell sour/acidity, but closer to poop (ew).

What I've tried so far: cleaning tablets for dishwasher/garbage disposal, using soap/bleach on kitchen/garage garbage cans, changing HVAC filter, checking crawlspace (just below living room) for water intrusion, feeling carpet/floors/ceilings for dampness, checking under sofas for food (we have small kids).

Any ideas on how else to troubleshoot the source of the smell? Appreciate your help!

[Entrance from garage into livingroom ](https://preview.redd.it/g9c6x3iv4rcb1.jpg?width=2268&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=9498ef132c4f211202a974bd13fe4707733fa117)

&#x200B;

[Just inside livingroom; where the smell is most obvious](https://preview.redd.it/l8n26wsx4rcb1.jpg?width=2268&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=52d7f70bde60349d6e1a45e554897c2494cf2b95)
Weird whistle What happened is me and my sister were chilling in room then this weird whistle started and we were really confused where it was coming from so we decided to see if its maybe from outside but when we opened the window the air from outside pushed the window and the whistle stopped.Now its happening again but the window is open and its like the window is opened somewhere else so the air is pulling the doors ,does this have anything to do with the fact that hood was on?because when we turned it off the pulling stopped but,this cant be the real reason right?because this never happened to us at home when the hood is on.
Filling in Gap 
Under bathroom - mold or paint? Unfortunately it's a cramped space, so I can't get any closer ATM.

But looks super weird. Nothing like any mold I've seen before...
I hired some guys to paint the decks here and I am not happy with the work, but I am trying to decide if I am over-reacting I hired some guys to paint the decks here and I am not happy with the work, but I am trying to decide if I am over-reacting

I bought a place in the mountains and the decks are great, but in desperate need of TLC. I hired a small company to clean and stain the decks. 

It was over a year ago that we agreed on a price and scope of work: 
Clean roof (moss and algae buildup)
Clean decks (x5 small to large size decks)
Stain the same 
Pressure wash patios/ walkways 
Pressure wash house (siding, does not need to be painted)
Clean driveway (large, lots of moss buildup)

He said if I waited until the fall he would give me his best price so he could do it at the end of the season. 

This job has been dragging out due to weather, other jobs and me not putting pressure on him to do it now. 

He cleaned the roof and the patios, great work. (Last August)

He got part of the decks done and ran out of water. 

He texted me last week that they finally got up and finished the decks and he would be up this week to do the driveway. 

I came up to see the work and quarantine from my family since I just caught COVID for the first time, and I feel like the painting work leaves a lot to be desired, and I am trying to decide what I should do. 

It does not appear to me like the decks were adequately cleaned before being painted. He is coming by this afternoon and I suspect he is going to push back on me. 

Some pictures attached, would love feedback.
How to find matching wall panel How do find a wall panel to match the wood here?
Repair Range Oven in New House Hello Everyone!  I just bought a new place and the 2 burners on the left side of the oven won't ignite but it is clicking.  When I removed the top I saw that the left side was missing the silver cap that is on the right side.  The left side is still sparking though, it just won't ignite the gas.  Is this just a matter of replacing the cap for the left side?  The oven is a Jenn-Air, I don't know the model.

[These 2 burners work with this silver cap](https://preview.redd.it/5jcjnezijqcb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=84d30b4cd6429c0fb007ebbf9fc062020ea027b1)

[These 2 burners won't ignite but there is a spark forming](https://preview.redd.it/904rrezijqcb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=147b80df8f27cd56bab70650150739fe5443794b)
Dryer smells after electrical fire. We had a small electrical fire over the weekend with our dryer plug and outlet. Everything has been replaced/repaired and back working but the smell is lingering in the dryer. Any ideas on how I can get the smell out so our clothes won’t smell terrible?
Condensation There is an AC vent that is beginning to have condensation form in the bathroom. How can I eliminate this condensation?
Filling up the gap Hi there, new home owner here.

Looking for advice regarding what should I use to fill up the gap . Dishwasher will be place there on the left. Wondering what can be used to fully protect the space in case of water leaking. Thank you!
Window AC unit questions Just moved into 1940s home, northeast US. It's been hot and humid for a while so we installed window AC units, which I've never used before. Units installed successfully (tilted down/away from the house, sealed gaps with foam and duct tape, screwed in, etc).

 I'm concerned about the health of the window sill, especially with how much it's been raining/hunid. Should I lower the storm windows onto the AC units and cover the sill or seal the sill from the outside? I'm thinking of getting on a ladder and just taping up some plastic to cover the exposed wood or something similar to prevent the window sill from collecting rain water, ideally in a way that doesn't block any of the unit's vents. I tried finding advice online and no one seems to mention this idea. Thanks in advance!
Cinder Block Repair We had central heat and air installed in our home when we moved in. The HVAC guy had to run new exhaust lines with the new system, and could not use the chimney from our 60 year old boiler. How would one go about fixing this?
Please tell me this is not water damage This is a home we have been slowly remodeling (mostly cosmetic). Last night I had to grab something and when I had the kitchen light on and I noticed the wall being extremely warped/uneven. When I turned on all the lights/during daylight, it was not noticeable. But it seems like it popped up over night. There is a bathroom right above the black section. The water to the tub has been shut off for months, toilet and sink are not but no one uses them, as the house is vacant. 
I talked to my mother-in-law who owns the house and she claimed it was like that from the beginning when they did a poor remodel 17 years ago but I honestly don’t think so. For clarity: I’m asking about the blue circle. The yellow circle is definitely a water spot I’m just not sure how old, I think I first noticed it last winter but it’s not getting bigger and the red line is approximately where the pipes run to the basement from the bathroom.
TIA
Anyone tell me what this is 
Can I plaster over these closers/tiles We bought a house are almost done renovating. One of the only things left is the base of the house that is tiled with closers. Parts of them are painted over, other parts are missing etc.Is it possible to plaster over these closers?

My idea was cleaning the wall with a pressure washer, then using a primer and then a colored stone render.

https://preview.redd.it/3xmka62p9pcb1.jpg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=a83cf7e486d6e80461d91c85700d93feb5aafd9b

https://preview.redd.it/jft5vt1p9pcb1.jpg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=2ef9e784de683ea15014614f1f384ff66785213c
What is better for flooring? Marble or Tiles? Why? How much will it cost for 1000 sq feet flat? 
Window part questions Hey I’m wondering if this styrofoam should be on the sliding portion of the window or if that’s something that should be replaced. I also cannot find the proper terminology associate with windows for this piece.
Carpet or no carpet on stairs? Hi all 
My parents are going to be staying with us for a few months while their home up the road is going to be renovated. They will have a bed and living area set up in our rumpus room downstairs. 
The stairs to access this room are probably on the steeper side. My thinking is that we should carpet them however my husband thinks that this could make them more slippery and more likely to cause a fall. 
We have added in a better hand rail. 
My parents are in good health but in their 60s. Please let me know if there is anything I could do to make it easier. Picture of the staircase attached!
Carpet Repair Solutions? Hey all,

We live in a rental property that we’re hoping to move out of later this year, and I wanted to know if anyone had thoughts on how to either fix, or cover up the damage our cat did around the doorways.

It’s really old crappy carpet that will probably be replaced anyway, but the landlords are family friends so we want to put our best foot forward when handing it back to them.

Any help would be appreciated!
What kind of bug is this? First time homeowner and running into two issues: these mosquito-like bugs flying around (seen/killed 15 across two days) and my dryer hose came loose (waiting for aluminum tape to get here to fix). Then it dawned on me… it must be related!

Can anyone tell me what kind of bugs these are and if that is possible?
Do contractors typically charge by the day? We’re in the process of getting a few quotes to build a screened in porch on our deck and the first guy that came out told us that he charges $450/day for labor plus materials. Is that normal? This is the first time I’ve ever hired a contractor so I’m ignorant on the matter. Charging by the day seems like it would incentivize a lengthy process.
Hi Smart People! Is this savable? Or is it a new door? It’s aluminum and the two bottom hinges are stripped on the door side. Maybe just use some wider screws? 
I have a 1000sqft house about to be remodeled in Dallas , Texas. I'm looking for someone who can do cathedral ceiling on a budget. I have a 1000sqft house about to be remodeled in Dallas , Texas. I'm looking for someone who can do cathedral ceiling on a budget.
Paint peeling from wall So I want to replace a towel rack on the wall and the entire paint starter peeling off. By the looks of it there are three layers of paint on there. While it’s pretty satisfying to peel the paint, I’m worried it won’t stop!

How do I fix this y’all?
Is this ok? Cooling upstairs seems to take forever in our house, and I think the main reason is the airflow to the upstairs is inadequate.

This  duct, which is the main duct that cools all of upstairs, has a very  sharp 90 degree turn.  I don't think this is right; shouldn't this be curved?  Also, I have a  condensation  problem, which may be caused by the airflow problem? Got a  dehumidified  recently to help.

https://preview.redd.it/kedx4u5hgncb1.jpg?width=801&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=f2f8112531a65792ac413657bab7664dc3028755

https://preview.redd.it/gswheo4hgncb1.jpg?width=1413&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=9c76725a8f36c8571cd3c9c5e037234bf786572b
Home security help. We have just moved into a new rental with multiple cctv cameras outside the house. Estate agent says they were all operation when the landlord's lived here (3 months ago). Lots of cables (pictured) coming through the wall. Wondering what I would need to get them set up? Or who can I hire to come help me? Geeks to you say no can do :o(
Can you still see the "Post Tension Slab" imprint in a sealed garage floor? As the title implies, my garage floor is sealed. I'm looking to do some home improvements and I'm not sure if I can't see a "Post Tension Slab Do Not Drill" warning in my garage because I don't have post tension slab or because it's covered by the seal. Does anyone know if I should still be able to see it? Or of another way to find out what my house is built on?
What is happening here? Wall use to be dry as a bone (last pic).
Is this okay? This hoe never stops drippin. I live in AZ.
Fascia is this weird 45° molding. I need to do a “good enough” replacement. What is the best way to do this? I bought a fixer-upper house and my gutter are shot and need replacing. My roof still has a few more years on it and when the time comes for that replacement I plan on having the gutters,soffits, and fascia professionally replaced. In the meantime I’m doing a DIY on the gutters and fascia to hold me over for those few years since I’m currently strapped for cash with some of the other repairs that are more important and I can’t DIY (I’m pretty good with knowing my limits).

Does anyone have any ideas on what to do with these weird 45° fascia? Should I just replace and keep at 45°? I wouldn’t use any molding and just keep it a smooth board and use my miter saw for the cuts. Can you bend gutter hangers like that?

Should I try to make them perpendicular to the soffit? If so what’s the best approach to that?
Back rooms hotter than front Hi all we have a 3bedroom 2 bath one story home. It runs off one line for the AC. For some reason our bedroom is the hottest room in the house and never cools even when vents to other rooms are closed. It’s a noticeable 3 degree difference then the front of the house and a 1 degree difference between the room it shares a vent with. Is there anything we can do to help our room get cooler? I have blackout curtains and blinds in all rooms and fans running in all rooms as well.
Gutter downspouts? I’m wondering if it’s a good idea to move my downspout from the back of my house (pic 2) to the side of my house and connect it to the other downspout  (green for potential path) and have them both drain into the ground drain (yellow circle). Or maybe not connect it but still move it to the side of the house?
Trying to understand if this is a cosmetic or structural issue (more details below) I have a tri level home from 1978 in Colorado. There are these hairline cracks that nearly surround the sliding glass door on the bottom level (on the side where you pull to open it, and a similar vertical crack on the other side that isn’t as long). The 2nd picture is the window about 10 feet to the right of the door. The cracks aren’t new and I haven’t noticed them become wider but honestly just started thinking about them. Been here 5 years. Any advice or thoughts are helpful - thank you
How do I remove this connector from my bathroom sink? It is leaking 
Plan of Attack with Frame Structure Damage Long story short my homes previous owner self installed a deck that has been secretly eating away at around 18ft of my houses frame. I'm in the process of obtaining quotes from carpenters in getting the previous deck removed and having the framing replaced accordingly.

What questions do I need to be asking besides the basic license and insured stuff. Does this repair need to be inspected by a local agent? Should I expect other issues besides the framing of the wall like in the roof trusses? For reference we stuck a tape measure 6 inches clear into the wall and was hitting the insulation and presumably the inner gypsum board. The ledger board? Gone and apparently never flashed properly! 

At this point I'm expecting anywhere from 15k to 25k in damage but want to be prepared for the worst. A simple older deck replacement has now turned into a nightmare to say the least. Am I missing anything major in my carpenter vetting process?
Certain Stove burners often do not ignite. I need to use a lighter sometimes.  What can I troubleshoot?
Mold! What do I do about this? The shower may be leaking as it is on the other side of the wall
Temperature variances We live in a 3 storey town home. It’s a new build. 

The temperature on all three floors is a few degrees apart. It’s coldest downstairs and hottest upstairs with the thermostat in the second floor. 

How do I get the temperature to balance?

A nest thermostat? Do I need two thermostats?
What’s going on here? This is the ceiling above the bathtub. It seems a bit weaker than the surrounding area. The bathtub sits in kinda an outcrop from the house so if it’s a leak it’s not from the attic.. thanks in advance!
Solar company advice I just had a sit down with a rep from SunRun where we went over solar prices. Long story short, I just moved in, so I don't know our energy demands. But my wife and I both work 3-4 days per week, 12 hr days. I imagine our energy use is probably pretty high. 

●$38k cash price, they don't do any maintenance.
●$0 if we do a lease but then we pay them instead of the utility company
●$28k of we pay the lease in a lump sum up front but would have 0 utility bill except what we use over what they provide, but they still do the maintenance and will replace the battery (10k cost) every 10 years. 

My questions are: 
1) is this price reasonable?
2) would you recommend SunRun?
How immediate of a fix does this need to be Hi all. First time home owner. Have had the house a little under year and recently started noticing the roof over one door has leaked. I believe this to be an issue from before I bought it that has gotten worse..Had some water damage, got a quote from a roofer to fix the leaks, but honestly need a whole new roof in the next few years and I want to add dormers in the back so I have held off fixing while I sort out logistics, get an architect etc.

However this summer has been crazy wet in the north east and I’m noticing the overhang is rotted. Soft to the touch, kinda gnarly. I don’t want to replace the wood without fixing the underlying issue of the roof and ideally I wouldn’t replace just one section of the roof if I’m gonna do the larger project soon. 

Given the rot, how much would this concern y’all. Immediate fix or can I hold off while I slam the gas and try to figure out the larger construction job.
Is this mold? Is this mold or something else? It's on the floor and shelves with a odd pattern and on some walls. I noticed that on one wall it's half ring under each joist. On the floors and shelves it seems to have formed around boxes or other things that may have been on them.
Inlaw suite Sorry first time posting here. My mother is getting older and we want to look into converting our double garage into an inlaw suite. Has anyone dome this and could you tell me roughly how expensive it was? Thank you for any guidance. I live in the north east US.
Knocked this piece of PVC off my ac unit with my mower lol! What is it? Do I need to replace it?
Is this black mold? This is exposed pink insulation in my basement? How do I tell if it's just old and dirty versus black mold?
What should I do for water drainage here? I installed a split air conditioning system in my house (DIY) last week and the water from 2 hair handlers expunge through the holes circled in red. It looks like the water is damaging the exterior siding though. I’m in an HOA and this is on the second story of my unit so I’m a little limited on what I can do. Is there a sealant I can apply to the siding to protect it? And maybe adding a gutter along the roof so my shingles don’t get damaged? I would like to avoid extending the water lines vertically downward if possible. Any suggested are appreciated!!
New knob stuck and won't turn It doesn't look like anyone tried to break in does it?

Why would it suddenly get stuck and can I fix it or do I need to replace it?
Recurring Mice Advice Last year I opened my winterized house to find a pretty good mouse infestation, for the first time in 46 years of owning the home. 

I never had any luck with any kind of trap - sticky nor snapper. Always baited with peanut butter.   
The sticky ones had fur a few times but the critter escaped intact. 

I gave in and called an exterminator - $550 for traps outside the house on the ground floor + 2 follow up visits.   
I also tried hard to plug up all ingress.   
That seemed to do the trick.  


Fast forward to this summer, I've just found some mice droppings in the lower level of my house. Nowhere near the amount as before.

 The outside baits I had stopped refilling (to not attract new critters) but the baits inside (mostly in the ceiling) are still totally untouched. Since the original Exterminator visit I've only found the outside baits empty.   


I've moved some of the indoor baits to places near where I found the droppings.   
I'm also going to try one of the electrical zappers and something other than peanut butter.

Any other recommendations 🙏?

Here are some pics of the type of mouse from 2 years ago :  
[https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/dsq3dz2inldxcf4ir8unu/IMG\_8070.JPG?rlkey=moi9vpztgv1etckpaqj35pbvy&dl=0](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/dsq3dz2inldxcf4ir8unu/IMG_8070.JPG?rlkey=moi9vpztgv1etckpaqj35pbvy&dl=0)  
[https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/3y6dtgze91bnzsgcscvjp/IMG\_8071.JPG?rlkey=hvshnqjm6nzffxt5hf0pevsfy&dl=0](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/3y6dtgze91bnzsgcscvjp/IMG_8071.JPG?rlkey=hvshnqjm6nzffxt5hf0pevsfy&dl=0)  

Is this particle board moldy? So I smelled something that seemed like it was cigarette smoke coming from the wall (no one smokes in this house). Took the drywall down and found a hole at the bottom where I believe water was getting in and the insulation was dark like it was moldy where the hole was. Then I found more holes but these look like old intentional holes that were covered over but the insulation was dark around it as well. The particle board looks dark like it is moldy but none of the other insulation was moldy. Have you ever seen particle board look like this?
Does ethernet usually come from attic? ?
Certificate of authority and home loan Hello, 

We visited a house in Westchester County, NY, and liked it. The house is C/O ed for 1.5 baths but the current owner has extended to have two full baths. He has also done some work in the basement. Do you think a bank would provide a loan on such a property? we don't want to buy something that is not in the county's books, can we know some pointers on how long it takes to get C/O for new changes and what is the cost?

Thanks in advance for all the suggestions.
Super random but my floor is a little messed up, any tips? I hope this is an okay place to post this, i couldn’t think of where else it would go lol. So I was doing my nails and the container with my acetone was on the floor next to me, which I thought was fine, but I guess it had some on the bottom or something because now the coloring has been stripped from the floor where it was sitting. I was thinking I should try to find some kind of wood stain close to the original color but would that work? Any other ideas?
The flame strength has gotten worse over the years and I can barely boil water, what do I do? 
TIL Unscrewing every other bulb makes Edison string lights a better backyard ambiance 
How To Fix Stupid Flooring Mistake I’m wrapping up installing pergo floors in a small studio. I got caught up making complicated cuts for a doorway and realized I installed like 10 courses for planks leaving this piece missing. Is there a way to get a piece in there without ripping up everything I just did?
Who’s the person to hire for re-grouting and re-caulking a standing shower? I’m an idiot and didn’t seal the grout in my shower when I bought the house and now it seems to be falling out little by little. And the caulking around the shower door was never really done well enough. Water gets under it and now there’s mildew-y water stains that I can’t get to. Anyway, can I just task-rabbit this?
Wet seeping up interior basement wall We live in a rowhouse, and yesterday we noticed one of our interior walls in our finished basement is wet. It’s started at the floor and is moving up, but the carpet and concrete slab aren’t wet. The other side of the wall is our unfinished laundry room, so we can see that there is no plumbing behind the wet spot or above that wall. 

Our basement has a sump pump on the other side of the house, and an ejector pump for the basement toilet about 6 feet away from the wet spot. Our neighbors on both sides have shared that they’ll randomly get sewage smells in their basement, and since we replaced our 40+ year old windows last month, we’ve been smelling it too. 

Any ideas on what it could be or what kind of professional we should start with? 

https://imgur.com/a/GrSaF5a
How screwed are we? My foyer/living room is one big open floor plan. there's two spots where it's an open doorway, one normal door size and one larger. There are cracks. They don't seem to be getting worse immediately but they're very noticeable. What causes this, how is it fixed and should we just tear the whole shit show of a house down and start over?
Should I replace these porch columns? Reposting here from /r/homeimprovement post, I don't know if that is the right place for this question. 

Hi, The columns on my front porch are bent outwards. They've been like this for 4 years or so. Should I have them replaced? My regular contractor said I'd need to hire a structural engineer to get an assessment and might have to add two more smaller width columns for support.

Question to the community, how soon should I look at fixing this?

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/bt5wwnhbrkcb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=12d844653172dc192513b3ddfb5e1c72973bcc22

https://preview.redd.it/a6jj5phbrkcb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=2020da87da6b6f66c8d544e386f7a5b67becbefb

https://preview.redd.it/g0ktsmhbrkcb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=6995dd851ae09f45405c82969735dc9876299e0e

https://preview.redd.it/nejjuohbrkcb1.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=4ad005283e74ffb8fa15ccf11101995612f8cff9
Advice on flooring! We recently had a fridge leak and need to get our floors replaced. We had engineered wood floors and we are having issues choosing a replacement. Our budget is $11.49 sqf and we have two large dogs (one is 150 pounds and the other is 90 pounds) and two small children. We need something mostly water proof but aren’t sure where to start. Any advice from other homeowners? Thank you for any insight into all the options!
Based on the sound is this something to be concerned about (sound is a lot louder and deeper in person) 
Drywall problem, or worse? Very old house we recently moved into. These cracks have gotten slightly worse (over a year), but I'm thinking they may be superficial? Humidity this season has been fluctuating like crazy.

Two photos from a staircase, crack is about 39" long. Other photo from a closet above the staircase (top story) I peeled the wallpaper/drywall myself while investigating.
Is it ok to have a 10 gallon fish tank on this cutout? Hi all,

I’ve actually had this filled 10 gallon fish tank placed here for a couple of years, it says a filled tank weighs about 110 pounds.  There’s a small crack in the corner of the drywall cutout where one of the pictures is, not sure if it’s due to the tank or just normal.  Attached is a pic of the framing of the cutout area.  

Is it reasonable to have the tank here?  Thanks
Patching a tear Hi all,

I have a mudroom with this type of wall covering, it's paper-y with what feels like cardboard underneath. Can anyone guess what material it is and what the best way to patch it would be? I don't think sanding it and painting it will do the trick. 

Thanks!
Anyone know how to remove this cartridge? The chrome sleeve is t removable. 
Any suggestions for new lighting to avoid the fan induced strobe lighting effect? The existing track lighting above the ceiling fan creates a strobing effect. Any ideas for replacement?
HVAC contractors We have small home and the summer PG&E bills have been sky rocketing lately. Moreover, the cooling in certain rooms is not working well, which we assumed was making the system work overtime. 

So we hired 3 contractors to inspect the home. The first was paid and  suggested a list of options including replacing/repairing the ducts because there were damages. Then the second contractor did a free inspection with a team of 5 people and offered to come replace all the ducts within the next week and for half the price. They also offered to do the asbestos removal themselves unlicensed to reduce costs.

I know this might sound out of line, but we really feel the cooling has gotten worse after the inspections. We used to at least feel a little air from the vents but now we feel none at all. We feel vulnerable because we are immigrants and new to everything about homes here. Was it naive to let these contractors walk around in our attics and crawl space for 30 mins -the day before a heat wave weekend?
does anyone know what kind of ceiling design this is called? 
Access to spigot? I want to access the piping connecting this spigot to my water. I plan to cut into the drywall from inside to get at it. Is this what a plumber would do? I could not get at it from under the house. Thank you for any advice!
Window Weatherstrip Replacement - Odd Design I am looking to replace my current weatherstripping, but I cannot find the exact replacement. Does anyone know where I could find this type of seal or suggest a replacement? 

This is for a large window wall in a condo which can’t be changed. The window wall is divided into 9 separate windows.
What can I do to repaint this? The paint has peeled off my bathroom sink drain. 
Pros/cons of triple light sliders vs picture window with double hung side windows? The latter is more expensive but I like the idea of opening them from the top down with two little kids at home 
I'm about to call around to setup quotes for repairing this wall, how big of a project should I expect this to be? 
Hanging 3 LB Vanity Light from Outlet Box Is it ill advised to hang a vanity light from a rectangular single gang box? It’s only 3 pounds. The box was mounted to the stud with 2 nails. 

The vanity light mount doesn’t have have holes for the box on my wall to handle it, so I’d need to drill holes in the mount to support it. 

If I don’t do this, I’m gonna need to cut out my outlet box and replace it with an octagonal outlet box, which is an old work box that has a 10 lb rating.
Could a Professional Tell me what is causing this please? 
Door repair Dog chewed up a frame from a missing section of window pane in a wooden door. I'll sand and restain the bite marks, but wondering what would be best for repairing the actual frame part.
Questions about AC duct sealing The previous owners of my house seemed like they were thinking about converting the back porch into an indoor area but never finished the job. There are 2 ceiling air vents out on the porch. The vents are closed with the built in lever to adjust the air flow but I can still feel a little air escaping through parts of the vents. 
First question, do you think the existence  of these vents is noticeably negatively impacting my ACs performance? Secondly, would something like those magnetic vent covers off Amazon be enough to reverse the potential negative impact or should I get the ducts capped off in the attic?
Rehanging Mantle? About two years ago we had a handyman install a mantle above our fireplace. About 2 months ago, it came crashing down. I have provided pictures for reference. Does it appear to be installed correctly? If we wanted to rehang a mantle, should we do something different? Should the anchors go directly into the stone? Appreciate any help!
Any advice on where to find similar paver stones? 
Solution for unneeded floor vents? I purchased a home in 2019 that had a new HVAC system installed and run through the ceiling. However, the home is older and used to be vented through the floors. 

There is significant air escaping through the floor vents (particularly bad in the middle of winter and/or summer). I have taken the registers up and covered the under-side to help with that. However, I also have 2 dogs and the registers are just traps for hair and whatever else my toddler drops in the floor. I have used magnet covers on the vents, but the dogs’ nails slice through those with no problem. 

Some of the vents are broken and need to be replaced, but I don’t want to replace with an actual vent because I don’t need an actual vent! 

I have searched for floor vent covers with no vents but I’m not having any luck. Does anyone have a solution they might share?
[Uk] [HELP] - yards or metres? Can any body tell me if these measures are in yards or? Is it 65 yards 7 inches down at the bottom?

Want to work out my land size thanks
Upstairs bathroom has stain on ceiling that looks like water damage. Would this be a leak in the roof or is this something else? 
Foam insulation in internal walls of second floor laundry room? Hi all,

Closing on our home in less than a month. The laundry room is on second floor and I was curious if you’d put insulation in the internal walls to help with sound dampening? Or would that make the laundry room too hot?

Thank!
Leaking sump pump discharge line. Pvc coupling, Check valve valve and pvc coupling This is my sump pump in the basement with few pvc couplers and a check valve. I just replaced the one leaking in the video yesterday. I had a weaker pvc coupler before and it worked correctly for few months. It leaked heavily yesterday caused wet basement. Now, with the stronger pvc coupler and correct size, I tightened all the screws as well. But I still see leaking around this new coupler. Could you please suggest what else I need to do here to make this line leakproof. Thanks
Any tips on this? Just moved into this home and noticed a puddle of water usually sits there? Bad Grade? 
After I close and open my shutoff valve, my toilet flushes normally, but only once! After 1 normal flush, why does no water flow through the refill tube? 
Should I expect better from a $5500 floor refinish? This is the Bay Area CA so I know everything is more expensive than elsewhere, but I feel like the floor refinishing job I just got was not up to par and I could use some advice about understanding what went wrong. The images have captions explaining some of the problems.

The stain getting on door handles and baseboards is sloppy work. But I was most upset to see the stain wasn’t done under the fridge.  And I’m not sure what to think about the texture - it just feels tougher than I was expecting, and seems to have some kind of small bubbles or grit or something as depicted in the photos.

Have others experienced this with floor refinishing? I paid the guy before I was able to see the finished product (floor was still wet) and I think that was a mistake.
Melamine Countertop and Backsplash Wall Tiles Hello guys, I am doing some DIY home projects for a wine and coffee bar but does not know what glue I should use to install the melamine countertop and backsplash wall tiles. I would really love some recommendations
Recommend (or not) your door camera system I want a camera system that will record whatever triggers its motion sensor.   Day, night, with good clarity.   

Also:  2 way conversation, Android compatible app, quick alerts on app.

I'm willing to pay for cloud storage, not overly concerned with possible sharing.  

I have good wifi and fast internet.
How much for tile removal? How much should I expect to pay per square foot to have tile and thinset removed from a kitchen?  Kitchen sits on a concrete subfloor.  About 20x16 in size.
Piano in townhouse—help me soundproof, please I’m getting a grand piano soon (template on floor). The townhouse is pretty well insulated for sound, thankfully—but a piano is a whole new level of sound and I don’t want to bother my neighbor, who is super nice.
The door leads to a powder room, and beyond that wall is the neighbor’s powder room and then their living space. The door is not hollow core but it is not very thick. I’m thinking I will install an automatic  door bottom and weatherstripping for the gaps on the top and sides. What else can I do, if anything? Should I add mass to the door? Thank you!
Screw into I joist bottom flange It seems fairly difficult to find the information online. 

I am trying to see whether I can screw into the bottom flange of the engineered I joist. 

I finishing my basement and I need to make a bulk head. Most of the load will be on the wall studs, however, I need to screw into the bottom of the I joist flange. To add the other side of the bull head.
Foundation issue? 

Hi

2018 house in Texas .
I can feel the floor is slightly sloppy. I haven’t measured it yet, but tested with my golf ball. 
Is it normal to have slight slope between room and room or kitchen and room in open concept? 
Or should I be worried foundation issue? 
I have hairline crack on the wall too..
What do I do about these holes(?) in all of my windows? How can I seal this off? 
Professional painter’s trim work Paid to have some walls and trim painted. Things looked good at first, but I’m noticing the gap between the new paint and the carpet. Is this standard? Is this professional-grade work?
Water pouring between gutter & fascia Photos: [https://imgur.com/a/9D6bcOu](https://imgur.com/a/9D6bcOu)

We recently moved into a new (to us) home. The home itself is over 100 years old. I've noticed that during rainstorms, a *significant* amount of rain leaks between our gutters and fascia along 2 sides of our house (you can see in the photo. It's almost like the gutters aren't there). Roof was replaced approximately 5 years ago. Gutters are an unknown age, but are seamless (although feel like a material cheaper than typical aluminum).

I can see clearly minor warping between the gutter and fascia in several areas, along with some pretty botched miters at the corners. Can this be remedied by slipping in a larger section of flashing between the drip edge & gutter, adding some sealant between the fascia & gutter, and replacing the miters? Any other repair recommendations other than full replacement?
Hiring a structural engineer eventually to check out our new home (been here 8 months) but would love to know if anyone has experience with vertical cracks in their foundation - does this look concerning? 
Any idea what this is? My first thought was some kind of wasp nest I've never seen before but it almost looks like it came out through the wood?
Do these steps need extra support? My buddy can't stand there forever. 
How should I fix this floor? We took down a wall to open up the kitchen/dining area and now need to fix the flooring. The difficulty is that this flooring is no longer made (can’t find a great match either) and it also lies on a transition piece with a minor change in height. We were considering taking flooring from an entryway (then would have to change the entryway) or a transition of some other sort (tile potentially). The gap is ~six inches wide and the entire length of the floor we would replace is ~8 feet). Looking for any ideas!
Weird smell in apartment My AC started acting weird and running out of Freon back in April. Since then, we’ve had to refill the refrigerant 4 times and my landlord just replaced the evaporator coil which was leaking on Friday. It seems to be working fine but there is this lingering metallic/rust or garlic smell in my apartment that started at the same time? I don’t know if the two are related but can’t think of anything else that has changed since then. My apartment smelled normal when I moved in in January. Any ideas what might be causing it?
Basement Issue? House is about a year old - noticed what appears to be two wet spots forming on one of the basement walls. Is this a possible foundation leak?
Should I caulk here? Caulk then paint again? Paint half the caulk? 
Is this leakage or condensation cause for concern? There isn’t very much of it, just a couple droplets collecting on the pipe. Is it something I should be worried about?
Rain water pooling outside of back screened porch. There are no gutters on this townhome and we are renting. Anything that will help? (P.s. that's Oli) 
Metal Front Door Doesn't Shut Properly 
Screws in the hinges all look tight and secure. It's a metal door (if it matters). And the part that seems to be sticking (paint rubbing off) is in the middle of the top half of the door.

We bought the house 5ish years ago, and the front door has always been a little difficult to shut, just at the door frame (on the knob side) before it is fully shut. We have not changed anything over this time (child lock came with the house), and it is now extremely difficult to shut to the point that my kid has messed up the door knob trying to shut it.

What's the best and/or easiest way to fix this? I was quoted about $5k to replace the whole entryway unit, but that seems like it must be a bit excessive for this issue.
I DIY’d a fence in my backyard! First ever.  
What can I grow in this land ? 
How screwed am I if I want to try and remove this? Buried fuel oil tank. Extra points for spotting the other potential issue in the picture.
Does anyone have a camper that is over 15% weight on truck? Is 10-15% always the right estimate for weight camper transfers to truck tongue?
This is falling off the outside foundation. How alarming is this? Should I just pull the rest off and seal it?
Want to pave on side of house but this chunk of concrete is higher than level of driveway. Was this a repair to the foundation? Is there a way to level it out without damaging the foundation? Additionally There’s a vent in the crawl space that is completely covered by the concrete. This makes me think it was an emergency repair.
If it’s 100 degrees outside on a bright sunny day, and 87 degrees inside with no cooling except a window fan, is this a sign that the insulation is doing its job? It gets down to 63 at night. New old home, first summer living in it. We’re are planning to get mini splits installed this week, but I was curious if upgrading the insulation too would be worth it.
Please for the love of god how do I fix this The same was happening to the top drawer a while back and then it just fixed itself. No idea what to do. But it’s driving me insane. 
How Do I Get This Dry? Hi there. Just purchased the house and found mold less than a month in. Downsprout was draining on cement and running under stairs which got foundation moist. 

Ran an extender and mold remediation company no longer is finding moisture after rain. 

The dirt in picture which is under stairs is still wet but definitely not soaking wet as it was without extender. 

How do I get this company dry and stay dry?
Deed Restrictions Fellow homeowners, does anyone know what the process is to remove deed restrictions in a neighborhood that does not have an HOA? Our developer has finished and is not having anything else to do with our subdivision, so some of us would like them removed.
30k for a used trailer? Is 30k a fair price to buy a used trailer (3Bed)? Year is 1992 and it's been well taken care of, it's already installed in a trailer park (250 lot rent) and I figure I can move it into land I may purchase in the future. Only thing is, I don't want to over pay for it. A couple lived it in and are moving now being pregnant with number 2. What do you all think?
Help! Can’t figure out how to keep nozzle on hose. The water pressure keeps popping the nozzle off. I didn’t think replace my old, worn hose would be this difficult. What am I doing wrong?
Outdoor shade help? I would like to install some type of shade for blocking the sun on our back porch.  I have seen coolaroo shades but nothing in the size I need.  The porch posts have a span of 184".  Not sure if I can butt two up together without it looking terrible.  

Anyone have any suggestions?

&#x200B;

thanks.  
How to fix scratches on painted metal? We had a guest that scratched up this (I don’t know what it’s called) up. How do we go about fixing it?
Is it safe to insulate around these wires? At the risk of asking a really stupid question, I’d like to insulate this gap in the ceiling above my boiler room which is exposed to the outdoors (heating oil) with ideally spray foam. My main concern is the cloth cable tat you can see in the second picture.  The cables inside are plastic sheathed and it appears like they are actually just low voltage cables to the thermostat (3rd picture). Any harm in spray foaming over that?  In lieu of that maybe just some fiberglass insulation?
What is the worst thing a friend has ever done to you? 
What is the most Boomer thing you can think of? 
What unsolved mystery do you think you can solve? 
What is something guys do that women wouldn't understand? 
Guys, What's a Snow Bunny? 
What’s your go-to song that never fails? 
What is something women do that guys wouldn't understand? 
You have to be 100% honest with everybody for one week. Will you make it? Why or why not? 
If you had the chance to time travel for just one day, which historical event would you witness? 
How do you and your partner make your relationship deeper? 
What job changed you for the better? 
If you had to write vows when divorcing your ex, what would you have written? 
Has anyone ever been in a middle school relationship that lasted? If so, where is it today? How is it? 
What should a man do if his friend's daughter loves him? 
What are your favorite defiant twists to popular sayings? 
What advice would you give to someone that’s wasted their teen years and never had a teen experience? 
What’s the tv show you regret watching? 
What would you think of someone that’s never been to parties of any kind? 
People pleasers of reddit, what made you stop being so selfless? Have you ever given up trying to help someone? 
What was the worst physical pain you've ever experienced? 
What're some things that life in your head rent free? 
How come people say senior level roles are more stressful? 
People who work at/manage super fancy hotels, what are some secrets that most people dont know? 
What item do you love because it's made to last? 
What non-conventional superpower would you want to have? 
Where is the best place you’ve ever been for vacation? 
What is something you’re an expert in that movies get *completely* wrong? 
Whats the point of taking uber to work constantly? 
If you could, without any moral or legal deterents, what social experiment would you conduct? 
What is the name of the huge jacked man who played Wolverine? 
Which movie scene got you it the feels? 
What's happened to you before that you think a good movie can be made out of it? 
What is your biggest lie? 
What has made you become who you are today? 
What game, movie, or show unexpectedly became a sleeper hit for you? 
What are the craziest things you did when you’re drunk? 
whats your favorite thing about reddit? 
if you had to choose one social media site for the rest of your life, what would you choose? 
Have you ever correctly predicted the future/a future event. If so, what? 
Who are some EU4/Paradox players in this sub? 
What isn't illegal but will get you into trouble with the law? 
What is your most shameful secret? 
What’s your favorite South Park episode? 
What would you do if you sit between two people who have strong sweat and armpit odor on airplane? 
What do you know that you’re not supposed to know? 
What beloved product just isn't THAT good anymore? 
obedient students when have you ever lost it on a teacher? 
What are the reasons one might say no to having sex in a committed relationship? 
What is the one thing you would not want to be stuck in a room with? 
Have you ever risked your life to save another? If so, why and how? 
Men of Reddit, what are some things you do to avoid intimidating women and kids? 
What was the most unhinged medical treatment throughout history? 
Have u ever witnessed a mother in law favoring her in law over her own child? If so, what was the reason? 
Right now, what do you need more of in your life? 
Who are some of the gems of YouTube that very less people know about? Why? 
what's the best way to make a friends on reddit (also what's your intro line would be to make friends)? 
What useless talent do you have? 
People who found out later in life that one of your parents is actually a terrible person, how did you find out? 
Which one of the youtuber's apology you think is the worst of them all? 
Why do you believe God does not exist? 
What do you mean by illegal fuck? 
If you are given a chance to open one persons gallery in their phone ,whose would it be? 
Why do you believe God exists? 
What is the point? 
What is the most macgyver Thing you have done? 
Star Trek fans of Reddit, as someone who is intrigued and tired of being out of the loop, where do you recommend one start as someone who has never seen a single episode of Star Trek? 
How do you go back to living normally after being isolated and in constant pain for 19 months? [SERIOUS] 
What do you think of this statement, “your first name can have substantial affect on your professional and life success in general”? 
What are some alternative responses to “I love you” or “I miss you” from your partner? 
How is your morning started? 
Who do you think is the most overrated artist? 
What makes you think "I'm losing too much time on this"? 
What’s the worst response to “do you love me”? 
How do you always win 2 truths and a lie? 
People of Reddit, how do you feel about dress codes? 
Change any movie/book/album title by one letter, or make one plural word singular. How is the story or content changed? 
Men of reddit, what's a good way to please you outside of sex? 
What's the worst response to, "I wish you happy holidays"? 
[serious] What is one thing, that everyone should do before they die? 
How do you feel about flying in airplanes/helicopters/jets/etc? 
Who designed the heavens gate away team cult patch pyramid logo? 
Why do you think it's ok to make fun of men with lopsided abs? 
Have you ever learnt anything useful from hentai or porn nsfw or not If so what is it? 
Your search history is leaked for everyone to see. How screwed are you? 
What is something that is considered easy to everyone else, but difficult for you? 
What are your sexual fantasies about your sister? 
What is your most random thought? 
What is the funniest roast you have ever seen? 
What's counts as an everyday, normal event for you that might seem completely abnormal or shocking to someone else's "normal"? 
What advice from "self help" books do you disagree with? 
What were the things you cut corners on and "got what you paid for"? 
Internet enjoyers of Reddit, what’s an age old inside joke we need to bring back? 
What goes through peoples minds when they are conducting infidelity or having an affair behind their significant others back? 
Why someone like NTR? 
People of reddit, at what point is cosiderd too much masturbation? 
Voyager III is scheduled to launch in 2024. You are tasked with producing the new Golden Record, but you just got passed up on a well earned promotion. What do you include on the record? 
How would the X-men change if their mutations didn't manifest until they hit their 50's? 
What's something you feel like you'd want to experience in life, but wont and why? 
What's something about your country that you only realised while travelling? 
What are the reasons for allowing spanking of teammates in sports? 
What’s a simple task that perplexes so much but other people are able to do it with ease? 
What’s an obscure television show that nobody talks about but should? 
Whats the weirdest backstory of a injury you ever had? 
Which addiction is way overhyped and made a bigger deal than it is? 
What is a gut feeling that ended up being true? 
Parents of Reddit. What sort of thing did you tell yourself you would never do as a parent but you totally do and wouldn’t admit to your parents? 
What would happen if someone actually had sex with an incel? 
If you could have any celebrity narrate your life, who would it be and why? 
If you were to slap your belly right now, what note does it play? 
What is one invention you wish existed that would make your life easier? 
What is the most extreme weather condition you've ever experienced? 
If you could witness any scientific discovery in history, which one would you choose and why? 
What is the most memorable quote from a teacher that has stuck with you over the years? 
What was one of your most embarrassing moments? 
What is your favorite urban legend or ghost story, and do you believe it is true? 
If you had the chance to be the main character in a movie for a day, which movie would you choose and why? 
Your username is a picky eater, what would be its go-to food? 
What is the most interesting museum exhibit you've ever seen? 
What are you excited about right now? 
What is the feeling when pet or loved one die and you aren't in the same room as them? 
What is the most mediocre achievement that you celebrated ? 
What is your Happiest Memory? 
What’s a great way to stay focused throughout the day? 
How do you find happiness when you feel like you are personally at fault for why you are unhappy? 
How to make love with sister's boyfriend? 
What's the first album that you've listened to in its entirety? 
What is the worst thing you’ve ever smelled? 
What is the hottest thing you have ever masturbated to? 
What is something that would be perfect with one single change? 
What life-altering experience made you change your way of thinking? 
What does it take to be a successful cornstarch? 
What is the worst heartbreak you’ve ever experienced? 
What is the biggest example of straight, white people trying too hard to be inclusive that you’ve ever seen? 
What's something you've seen that keeps up at night? 
How have you used martial arts, like karate, taekwondo or krav maga, to protect yourself ? 
What’s your opinion on people having dogs in their bed/on furniture? 
Where do you like to grocery shop? 
What's your go to order at Chi-Chi's? 
What is something you learned in high-school that you never had to use in your adult life? 
What is the name for the genre of guys getting aftercare or getting cared for in any setting? 
What was everyones favorite animal as a child? 
What movie has no sympathetic characters? 
If you were given an extra $100 cash daily, what would you do with it? 
What's your favorite character from South Park and why? 
People of Reddit how do you get over a girl? 
Why do you think men subscribe to OnlyFans or similar sites? 
What is one thing you can’t live without? 
What's the most painful Life Time? 
To those who want to be virgins for life why? 
What is one question would you ask a time traveler from 2050? 
How do you stop the child you're looking after from throwing a tantrum in public, without physical punishment? 
What state will you never visit again? 
Which pocket do you put your wallet in? 
What TV/Movie character would’ve been better with different casting? 
What's your favorite dish to bring to a summer picnic? 
What’s the worlds creepiest body of water? 
What would happen if a future US President legally changed his name while in office? 
Why dont people trust blond men? 
What mods can be added to a 2016 chevy cruz to make it look nicer? 
Who deserves an apology from the public before their death, when it’s just a headline? 
What was your last mental masturbation? 
Which animal makes the ideal pet and why ? 
What's a random sentence you say when you're bored? 
What's your opinion on selling your virginity? 
If you could play a game for the first time again, what would it be? 
Who was the worst person you ever met? 
What's the worst thing to say as a deathbed confession? 
What was the specific moment that you realized that you’re getting old? 
What are some ways to make the day go by faster? 
What's the biggest money loss you ever experienced? 
Which country has been heading in wrong direction for several decades now? 
teachers and former students in general, what was the behavior, even if it is mild or initially harmless, of any of your students (in the case of teachers) or classmate/former friend (in the case of students) that made you think " This guy is a sociopath" (And you was correct)? 
What’s your favorite type of meat? 
People who post their faces in NSFW pics, why? Are you not worried someone will recognize you? 
What’s your go-to comfort show? 
What song makes you cry? 
In What Way Did Your Significant Other Support You During A Difficult Time in Your Life? 
What did the pandemic take from you? 
What’s your favorite thing to yell out at a concert when it’s quiet? 
How do folks feel about people at the gas station who fill up and stay parked in front of the pump they’re no longer using to go into the store and shop while there's cars waiting behind them or waiting at other islands to fill up? 
Apart from cheating, when did you know that your marriage/relationship was over and you had to end it and file for divorce? 
People who listen to Machine Gun Kelly, why? 
Do you read books regularly? How often? 
What are the people doing on Tik Tok when acting like bots? 
You now own disney, what is the first thing you do? 
What are some bad names to give kids (either alone or in conjunction with a specific last name)? 
What is a realistic fantasy you will never get to experience? 
What's the sweetest thing your husband/wife has ever done for you? 
When have you been the most terrified in your life? 
What's your favorite quote from a song that you can't get out of your head? 
Humans, if you get 3 wishes from a genie and 3 alone, what are the wishes? 
What unreasonable fears did you have as a kid that still affect you today? 
What is the weather like in July in your country ? 
How come society views having a small penis negatively? 
To who did you ask first for "advice", and how did they answer ? 
If there are fictional villians that people love to hate, what fictional good characters do u hate to love? 
How does your favorite movie end? 
People with philosophers as parents, how is it to grow up with them? 
What’s your all time favorite breakfast meal? 
What is the worst response to “Will you go out with me?”? 
How to remove cat pee smell from a concrete basement? 
Students what is the saddest thing you watched a teacher go through? 
First Gen kids of immigrant parents..what is something your parents would not allow that other kids could? 
How to get over commitment phobia? 
How did you meet your significant other? 
What steps have you taken in order to appear more intelligent than you are? 
Why are you high right now? 
If there was an afterlife, who do you NOT want to meet when you get there? 
The NFL team based in Washington DC just sold to new ownership and has indicated that it may consider another name change. How do you feel about them going back to the Redskins as many fans want? 
What's God's take on vasectomies? 
What does the bible say about coprophagia? 
Why you use reddit? 
Which argument for flat earth made you think 'this makes perfect sense actually'? 
What does it say about whether you should trust a person or not if they go behind someone else’s back and present a perspective without giving the original person to respond to their assertions? Would you trust that person to hold your wallet or purse for a moment if you had to step away? 
What is your prediction for the year 2050? 
What’s your favorite color? 
What is a life hack you actually use? 
What is something that’s worse than you expected it to be following divorce? 
Which celebrity is a good connector at any six degrees of Kevin Bacon questions? 
People that have a photo of just themselves as their phone background, why? 
What does it feel like to be well-hung? 
What's the ONE thing that everybody should try once in their lives? 
What's good application for making memes? 
With all of the negative news and economic issues of late, what has you optimistic about the future? 
What is a great movie you would never recommend to anyone? 
How big is the penis of Statue of Liberty? 
What are the songs to put onto a cross-country road trip songlist that you can sing along with while the windows are down? 
What seemingly common knowledge or skill have you seen someone bafflingly not understand? 
What your favorite weird science facts? 
What’s the worst thing to say to your driver as soon as you get in an Uber? 
You wanted to have kids but have never been able to for whatever reason, what are your feelings on never being a parent? 
What’s your go-to song or movie scene when you’re flying solo or flicking the bean? 
What are the most ridiculous prices for everyday products? 
What’s the worst thing that happened to you on vacation? 
Have you been the recipient of a generous gift from a celebrity or anonymous donor? What is the story? 
What's stopping you from buying all your clothes from Charity/Thrift Stores to stop child and slave labor in the fashion industry? 
What advice do you have for a person in Tennessee that will soon be homeless? 
Over 40-year old successful people of Reddit, what did you do in your 30s that set you up for success? And is it true about what they say about life truly beginning in your 40s? 
Non-US citizens of Reddit, what’s one thing the US does well? 
What’s the worst lesser known drug? 
What is your most extreme bondage Limit? 
What is some advice you’d give a 22 year old girl who just realized she’s bisexual? 
What's something that's not expensive, but feels like absolute decadence? 
What is the probability Elon Musk is rich because he is dealing cocaine? 
Absurd answers only, what’s your neighbor actually doing to make all that noise? 
What is the point of ads? 
Hi, how are you doing today? 
What is something that most people are not willing to admit is wrong? 
What is the worst thing to do while bare-foot? 
Anyone ever been sent to a non-secure juvenile detention facility? If, so what was it like? 
What's a song that you wish you never learned the 'real' words to? 
What is the best movie you've seen this year and why would you recommend it? 
What are some movies that are best experiences watching by yourself? 
What’s 1 thing you miss about your childhood? 
What’s a pickup line you have that’s so horrible it’s not even funny horrible? 
What's the funniest/worst euphemism you know for taking a crap? 
What are some Japanese/Anime songs that you can listen to that won't cause other people to immediately judge you? 
People in relationships, what is one unique trait about your partner/spouse that makes them a gem in your eyes? 
What has been the strangest experience you've had while traveling? 
What company or website was run into the ground after being acquired? 
If you had the ability to talk to animals for 24 hours, how would you spend your time, and what questions would you ask? 
People who still have gas stoves: why? 
What would a life without emotion look like? 
How old were you when you discovered that EMINEM means 'Every Mother Is Nice Except Mine' ? 
What’s the best piano intro in a song? 
Blind people of reddit, how do you all type/interact with the screen? 
When is it, if ever, okay or appropriate to call a teacher by their first name? 
[Serious] In your family, who was the entitled special sibling? 
People who have met celebrities, who was your favourite and who was disappointing in person? 
What is best way to make a burner account that can't be traced back at all? 
What are the chances the rapper Chingy ever used the line, “Hop on this Ching-a-ling Ding-a-ling while making a move? 
You meet Mrs beast and he gives you 130k where is the first place your heading? 
Where can someone vent and actually be heard? 
How did you find out you were pregnant? 
What’s a fictional job that you would want to have? 
Has youtuber ever got you to purchase something and how was it? 
What’s your most interesting random fact you know? 
If there was a zombie apocalypse, what would you do? 
People who started a New Year's Resolution this year: How's your progress going? 
If trump lost by 8mm votes and has only lost support, how could he win? 
What you're doing right now and what you should do instead? 
What’s the ideal age to get married? 
What was your worst haircut experience? 
Why did you get married? 
What’s some seemingly useless information that’s actually pretty useful? 
Where do rainbow trout like to hide in a lake? 
What's the name of this video game where it looks first-person, you use cards to attack, and it looks like Deepest Chamber but the enemies are cards? 
Where are You From? 
What’s a useless fact you know? 
People who have been cheated on and continued the relationship, How/why did you do it? 
What’s something unusual that’s completely normal in other countries? 
We be bringing the RUCUS, why ain’t you? 
What’s something normal in your country that not normal in other countries? 
This one is for the men in their late 20s to early 30s. Share reasons why you guys take more than 20-30 min in the shower? 
What are you happiest memories? 
Scratched a new car at work, tried to hide it but got called out by the manager! Fairly new at this place but haven’t done anything stupid other than this! What’s the best and worst case scenario ? 
How do you reckon you’ll die? 
What country is not for old men? 
The powers that be have obviously ran the numbers and decided it’s cheaper to not do shit about climate change. How do normal people profit? 
What's better than slouching on the couch and digging in a belly button with one eye closed on a saturday? 
What’s the most boring subreddit? 
Respectfully, Indian expats around the world, what are YOUR experiences with incoming call centre scammers? 
What's the name of your car? 
Which would be scarier to see in the woods: an animal racing towards you on two legs like a human or a human racing towards you on all fours like an animal? 
Which character traumatized you as a kid? 
Share your stories, have a stranger ever left a strong/unforgettable first impression on you? How/why? 
[Serious] How can a person go about getting a Lewis antigen test? 
If you could be naked anywhere in the world, where would it be? 
How do you respond when you walk in on your partner with someone else in the bedroom? 
People who have walked in on a family member or friend having sex, how has your relationship changed with them since, if at all? 
Single men of Reddit, what kinks/fetishes would you want to try out if you had someone to do it with? 
In what circumstances are you all for violence? 
When does a religion become a mythology? 
Which YouTuber deserves way more subs than it has right now? And why? 
What “small” thing(s) immediately ended your attraction to a romantic partner or friend? 
What made you lose trust in your parents? 
“They don’t make ‘em like they used to.” In what instances is this a good thing? 
What is the most interesting thing you have learned about your own culture? 
Whats the biggest plot twist in television history? 
What is your biggest pet peeve when it comes to road safety and driving? 
If you were a genie, what three rules would you implement to the person you're granting wishes for? 
Who was someone you had a crush on but absolutely hated and why? 
What is a popular song that most people don’t know the meaning of? 
People who circumcised/planning to circumcise thier child, why did you choose to do it? 
What’s your Favorite Artist and Song? 
Would you move to NJ to be a state trooper or Tennessee and why? 
What’s the strangest food you’ve eaten that you actually ended up liking? 
which female TV show character is the epitome of being “girl boss”? 
You are offered the choice of poverty and a long, healthy, life or wealth and a short exciting life. Which do you choose and why? 
People making over 300k/yr. What do you do in very specific detail? 
What caused the nice guy to snap? 
What’s your experience with hypnotism? 
What’s something that’s slowly k!lling our world and/or society what not enough people know about? 
Gun to your head, you have to say what AM and PM are short for. Would you survive? 
Why don’t we landscape with fruit trees/edible plants more often? 
What’s one object, that if deleted from existence, would exponentially make the world a better place? 
Artists, what is the weirdest commission someone has asked you to draw? 
What place would you recommend to talk to people ( preferably nerds) on Reddit? 
How do you stay friends with someone you still have feelings for? 
What is something society isn’t caring enough about? 
What was the best sex you've ever had? 
What is the best movie based off a cartoon? 
People who've flown between two drastically different temperatures/climates - what were they? And how did you dress upon boarding and exiting your flight? 
What do people do to protect the environment? 
What’s the worst movie you’ve ever watched? 
What's the best thing someone has said about you, brightening your day instantly? 
People who always get things in their eyes, what have you done to stop it? 
How likely is nuclear war? 
Be honest, how many instagram accounts do you have and why? 
What book or TV series did you stay up all night to finish? 
Whats worse being ghosted or being left on read? 
Do you guys believe we are nearing a societal collapse? Why or why not? 
What is your worst sexual experience? 
How to play nose like spong bob? 
People who have met celebrities, who did you meet and what was they like? 
what is your greatest work smarter not harder moment? 
What is something you'd never do for a million dollars? 
What do you believe influences a person’s risk for being brainwashed? 
What tips/techniques help you to *actually* read books faster? 
What career did you want to do as a child? 
How do you get your life together without any external help? Is it even possible? 
What is your craziest story about an ex’s dad? 
What career do you do? 
Why aren’t you looking forward to the end of the world soon? 
What is the one thing about yourself that you’d show to the aliens if they were assessing your human value? 
What is the craziest thing you’ve ever seen? 
Renovators of Reddit, what's something you have found within the walls of your home? 
What’s a movie or show that you must watch every time it comes on a streaming service no matter how many times you’ve watched? 
Which group had to go through the worst shit in history? 
What’s your love story? 
What talent, skill or cool aspect of your personality would you like the people around you to notice more? 
What is considered a celebration of life to you? 
What’s a game franchise you wish they would stop making? 
What's something about you that nobody cares about? 
What Is The Most Interesting Or Bizarre Subreddit? 
What are some things that the rich and the poor both enjoy? 
Would you take 10 million dollars if you could never know what you looked like? Meaning you forget what you look like, can’t look in a mirror and no one can describe what you look like. Why? 
What would it take for a modern first world revolution to happen compared to a third world revolution? 
What is it in your life right now, that can just 'fuck right off'? 
When has an animal (or an act of nature of some kind) reminded you how physically vulnerable and fragile you are as a human? [nsfw] 
Now that we know aliens are real, what fictional alien character do you think comes the closest to the real thing? 
For those who have actual selective amnesia, how do you feel about it? 
What’s something you can say to stop an argument? 
what are some oddly specific insults? 
What is something completely unfair that people just accept? 
What's something you'd never say irl but are happy to say online? 
what would you do if you were telepathically connected to a couple of bad people that tortured you every day all day while hiding in their mothers basement? 
What do you think about Google search changing to thumbnail results? 
What's Something Your Family Doesn't Know About You? 
What was your best response to an obvious lie? 
In new relationship, how should someone react to finding out their partner may have to serve prison time? 
What can you say to instantly ruin your own life? 
What could be the present day Manhattan Project? 
What’s the weirdest name of a person you know? 
People who survived a school shooting, What happened? [Serious] 
what songs do you hate the most? 
Redditors who had/have Jury Duty, how’d it go and what was the process like? 
At what age did you experience the first time you weren't carded while purchasing alcohol? 
What if men were still taught and encouraged to be emotionless and stoic badasses? 
What is the best way to keep your money from being eaten by inflation? 
What’s the story of your scar? 
What keeps you up at night? 
What’s your most hated form of transportation? 
What's the stupidest thing you can say? 
Who is the best parent in the world, and why? 
Who would you trust most to have a Death Note? 
When streaming wasn't a thing: what was the first show you binged watched? 
What’s the weirdest thing an ex has done after a breakup? 
Ladies, what advice do you have for “nice guys” to be more interesting and less “nice”? 
Is it normal to go to a bar/club alone? If so how do you make the whole experience less awkward? 
What is the biggest thing you regret? 
Where can someone have hit sex with giant greesy pig? 
What is the most ridiculous thing you used to get punished for as a child? 
LGBTQ+ folks, who was the first person you came out to? 
Screw political affiliation, What U.S state has the best shape? 
What’s the most Boomer thing you can own? 
What’s the sexiest song you’ve heard? 
People of reddit, do you think some people are incapable of ever finding love? Why so? 
Looking to play some fun/ cosy games on the switch, what games do you all recommend?? 
What’s the most Gen X thing you can own? 
What would happen if tomorrow morning POOF! all the humans were disappeared from the planet? 
What will you tell your grandkids so that they can tell it to their grandkids? 
What brand/product you will never buy again and why? 
What if we actually want to save our planet from ourselves? 
What movie did you expect to hate but ended up really surprising you? 
What is the best traval destination (abroad)you have traveled so far ? 
Whats the worst advice given that you’ve seen on this app? 
What are odd green flags you have? 
What’s the most painful death? 
to those who've ever cheated on a partner: did you truly ever regret it? 
Historians of reddit, what significant people disappeared from history and we have no idea what eventually happened to them? 
What are the best remote jobs and how did you get hired for yours? 
What’s the most Gen Z thing you can own? 
Communism has an anthem; what is capitalism’s? 
What is something you do purely for sentimental reasons? 
What is your wildest street fight story? 
What is your best revenge story? 
Bass Pro Employees what is your craziest story about people messing with the fish tank? 
What’s a food you hated when you were younger, but enjoy now as an adult? 
Women of Reddit, what is your opinion of a men with a buzz cut hairstyle/haircut? 
What is something from recent years you do not understand? 
What is it too late for you to do? 
What’s the most joy you’ve added to your life for the least amount of effort? 
Parents of Reddit. What’s the worst mistake you made as a parent? 
What's that one thing you really hated or judged people for as a teenager but makes complete sense as you've grown? 
What are the best history shows, or series, geared at children? 
Whats a way for teens to hookup if any? 
What's the worst pizza chain? 
What is an app that can never work in your country? and why? 
What celebrity just disappeared out of nowhere? 
Signs from 2002 is a movie where extraterrestrials visit a farm. Given the news lately, could the movie's scenes be interpreted as "signs" of things to come? What say you? 
What's something that lots of people BELIEVE they're good at, but few people really are? 
What is the worst entry in your favorite franchise? 
What was your greatest accomplishment in (video) gaming? 
What's the stupidest thing you've accidentally overheard someone do? 
If shoplifting was legal for 24 hours, what store would you rob first? 
Who do you think would win in a fight: Bitchy Oppenheimer or Sigma Lord Ken? 
What community has the most annoying gate keepers? 
What social media do you use now compared to when you first joined? 
Which person's biography has had a great influence on you? 
If PC gaming had a mascot like Mario or sonic who would it be? 
Never did see a UFO with myy own eyes, but been hearing things lately and now ready to believe, sight unseen. What now? 
What's the best book you've ever read? 
Ladies of Reddit, where do you want us to shoot our loads? 
What your most memorable post nut clarity? 
How should criminals who eat pineapples and blueberries on pizza be dealt with? 
What app does every country have a different version off? 
What movie made you the most proud of humanity? 
What game that brings you joy should more people know about? 
What’s one place you’ve travelled that you will never go back to? 
If you're partner goes drinking regularly with members of the opposite sex, would you be ok with it? Why/why not? 
People that believe in psychics . Why? 
What is faster? Speed of light vs Speed of neurons firing? 
What’s a quote that made you have a different view of life? 
Is it possible to go too fast in a relationship? How? 
Which movie did not deserve its success? 
What’s the worst meal you ever had? 
What cities have multiple pronunciations other than Louisville? 
Using whichever fast food restaurants you’d like, how would you assemble your perfect meal? 
What is the tipoff that someone in your line of work is a fraud? 
Damn whos man throwing it down at naraka ? 
What is the best excuse for being bad in bed? 
What breed of dog would be best at eating sandwiches? 
For those with autism, what is the worst part of being autistic? 
What if you were actually loved and valued as a human being? 
Why do you think George Orwell came to the belief that: "Those who abjure violence can do so only because others are committing violence on their behalf"? 
What are your plans tonight? 
How has Reddit changed your life? 
What’s the worst tasting food? 
Pornhub is free, what justifies paying for an onlyfans subscription? 
How would you go about exploring Uranus? 
Chronic pain sufferers, what is one thing you wish people understood about your condition? 
What do you do now regularly that you cannot believe that you do? 
What are good tips and sources in getting psychology related jobs London? 
What is something you promised yourself that you'd never do but ended up doing anyway only to find out it wasn't as bad as you thought? 
Confess. What's something cringy you've done that you still think about sometimes? 
Reddit people who made a huge life change on a whim, what did you do and how did it work out for you? 
Redditors, when did you realize you failed as a human? Was it when you joined Reddit or a minute before that? 
Is it true that Findom exist? If that so, how's that feeling? 
Therapists of Reddit, what is something you’ve wanted to tell your patients but couldn’t? 
Teachers of Reddit, what was your worst parent interaction? 
What was a "look back and cringe" thing you did to impress someone? 
Is there a difference in the taste of coke in a can vs in a plastic bottle vs fountain vs glass bottle and what order do you rank them? 
Leslie Kean, an investigative journalist, said there's been "a fair amount of confirmation" of the Varginha incident from 1996, when a cop supposedly got sick from contact with an extraterrestrial. To what degree are you keen on sharing your thoughts? 
Those who work in the emergency department. What is something you wish patients would stop doing? 
What is the most incredible coincidence you have ever experienced? 
What quirks does your partner have that you love? 
What movie is slow in the beginning but picks up later and becomes a must-watch? 
What's the ugliest/hottest place on your body to have a mole? 
What would be a better name for our planet? 
What would you have become is you had followed your childhood dreams? 
How have you sabotaged your dating life? 
How will you react if angels are real and they look European? 
Employment is great, but an increasing amount of people not wanting to work has been happening. Why? 
What series are you surprised most by how long it's gone on for? 
How come politicians never say things that everybody wants to hear? 
What City, State, or Country do you personally recommend for affordability and overall happiness? 
What is the most frustrating retcon in entertainment? 
What do you believe is a clear sign, that you need to let go of a relationship? 
Be it big or little, what superstitious beliefs do you hold? 
What do you think the purpose of life is? 
What is the worst or stupidest nickname that you have ever heard? 
Whats the coolest name you ever heard? 
What are your top 5 life changing moments? 
What fashion choice immediately signals jackass? 
what's an opinion of yours that you'd argue about your side no matter who disagrees with it? 
What is your go to song recommendation? 
What would be in the “S-tier” for a desserts tier list? 
What criteria should be taken in consideration for choosing a great name for a tribute band? 
What is the meaning of life defined by you? 
Do you consider Elon Musk as a ‘genius’ of our time? Why not? 
The publisher of a Korean game that is also available overseas is causing controversy. To share information about this, which subreddit is appropriate? 
Aliens beam down. You have a chance to play ONE song for them. What is it and why? 
What is the coolest thing you have ever found? 
What age would you like to stay at? 
What inventions is better at everything else, except the task that its design for? 
Parents of reddit, when did you realize that you failed to raise your child properly? 
People who decided not to have kids. Do you think people judge you? If yes, why? 
Hypothetically, you are definitely going to die tomorrow. You can pick one movie, one song and one meal. What do you choose? 
What is the most illegal but legal thing you’ve done? 
Americans, who is to blame for all the hatred? 
Women: what type of men have you had the best sex with ? 
What is the first big news story you remember growing up? 
If you had to pick one style of food to eat for the rest of your life what would it be? 
People that have a good relationship with their parents, what did they do right? 
What's the most frustrating video game you've ever played? 
What’s a good powerful song that came out a while ago that you think the world really needs to hear right now? 
What is the naughtiest thing you could do in sex (legally)? 
Whats a normal thing that you regularly do that if you used your hands it would instantly become disgusting? 
What was your main character moment? 
If a random person is buying random people in the store powerball tickets and you get one and win 60 million what 3 things would you buy andwhat would you do afterbuying those things? 
What are some good effects of tobacco and smoking in human history? 
Who are your favourite, non-controversial YouTubers? 
What is your go to late night snack? 
How often do you buy/throw away socks? do you use them until they are worn or have holes? or until you lose one? 
What's the most millennial thing you can own? 
What do we do to stop Kendom from falling? What would we do without the Mojo Dojo Casa House? 
Where can you find a free car? 
Billie Joe Armstrong wrote Wake M3 Up When September Ends about his father who died of cancer in September. What is your “September”? 
Athletes of Reddit, what is considered a sport that should not be considered a sport, or vice versa? 
In the 2000s, a Bluetooth earpiece was a sure sign of an asshole. What is today’s equivalent technology? 
What is everyone’s favorite subs to roam daily? 
What is your favorite philosophical quote ? 
Old people of Reddit, what is there to look forward to when you get old? 
Women, whats your worst experience dealing with men who werent properly educated about how periods work? 
What were you gullible about? 
What if Barbie married Oppenheimer? What would happen to Kendom? 
What was the most awkward "high school" moment you ever witnessed, took part in or were the victim of? 
If the birthmark theory is correct, then how did you die in your past life? 
What do you think true love is? 
Question for Gen Zers only, how strict were your parents about tv? 
What’s the best response to “I’m sorry”? 
What are you looking forward to ? 
What is very well liked for absolutely no reason? 
How to get 50 hours if behind the wheel if no adult you know can? 
You are about to die, what's the first thing you're getting rid of? 
When we are all gone in 300 years, what will we be doing? 
Be honest, how has your year been so far? 
People who go to a gas station, park at the pump and then disappear to another dimension: Why do you do this? 
If you could go back in time and get married to one of The Golden Girls, who would you choose? 
Are you or do you know anyone who was a child of rape? How do you come to terms with your existence coming from a crime? 
What’s your criteria for unfollowing/unfriending someone on social media? 
What if we redditors weren't so good looking? 
If it turned out that our world is only a simulation, what are some patch notes you would want to add? 
What’s the worst tasting vegetable? 
How can a woman maintain hygiene when masturbating and cleaning up? 
whatʼs the stupidest thing youʼve done for love? 
What is the funniest thing you've hallucinated after taking mushrooms? 
What is the single greatest day or moment you've ever had? 
What song has your favorite guitar solo of all time? 
What are some things motivating you in life right now? 
Hispanics of Reddit, why do you hate being called Latinx? 
What’s the life advice that everyone usually takes for granted? 
What is your favorite Disney song, that a side kick/comic relief sings? 
If you could eliminate a previous influential figure from existence, who would you choose? 
What’s the most impressive piece of engineering you have ever seen? 
If you could lose one of your 5 senses what would it be? 
What type of food do you like that many other people dont quite get, or find revolting? 
Why shouldn't EV owners pay taxes to drive on roads paid for with fuel taxes? 
What really worth doing in Tenerife, for the our first visit as a couple(27 and 29yo) and which type of accommodation really worth it or some specific hotels/villas ? 
What is your biggest fear? 
Dear everyone, what do you miss the most about your childhood? 
What song lyric can you use during an argument? 
Why, should all men strive to be a leader in all aspects of life? 
What are you willing to overpay for? 
How does one not feel like an embarrassment and stop trying because they keep making extremely stupid mistakes? 
Which hotel to choose in Adeje, Tenerife, for young couple (27 and 29yo) which have good combination entertainment and rest with good location ? Maybe H10 Gran Tinerfe or HardRock or something else? 
You enter a magical library with books that can change your past - which chapters change? 
Why women don’t take miscarriage leave, or even talk about their loss? 
What did you do last night? 
What's something you used to think/worry about all the time but you don't give a damn about now? 
What good thing happened to you today? 
Men…do you unbuckle and unbutton or JUST unzip and whip when you pee? 
Girls who like chubby guys, why? 
[serious]How to be ok with living by yourself? 
How would you feel if you found out your partner had a NSFW account on here without telling you because it helps them boos confidence? 
How would you motivate an overweight family member? 
Guys of Reddit, what is one piece of sex advice that you would give to girls? 
What type of person thinks it's ok to urinate in a public swimming pool? 
What do you get called weird for doing, but doesn’t bother you? 
Should and why to choose Costa Adeje all-inclusive hotel,half-board or bed&breakfast for young couple (27,29yo)? 
What's your favorite pre-1960 film? 
Which artist/band has passed you by? 
When were times you've felt déjà vu? 
No more stories from the Victims of bullying, Bullies what was your motive and reason for bullying? 
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done on a date? 
What is your "walked away with a scratch" story where the injury could've been much worse? 
what do you do with your partner at home and how much time do you spend together? 
What is something you wish you had? 
What’s an interesting fact about your lineage/ancestry? 
What helps you go to bed early at night? 
What’s the scariest film ever? 
People who eat lemons or limes for fun, what’s that like for you? 
What becomes of Russia if Putin dies tomorrow? 
What subreddit pisses you off? 
What's a school subject/lesson you had fun learning about? 
People who left their religion, at what point did you say "okay that's enough!"? 
What is the best film set in a single location or room? 
What’s the most heartbreaking thing you’ve ever been told? 
Why do you tell long stories? Why not just get to the point? 
Navy men and Shipmen what are some of the strangest/Scariest things you’ve seen in the ocean? 
Which are you choosing. Oppenheimer or Barbie? 
What do you think of the statement 'most atheists follow a humane and virtuous moral code more consistently than people devoted to a particular religion'? 
What’s the highest award you’ve ever received? 
How do you find new friends after losing contact with people you used to call friends? 
What’s the worst customs line you have seen? 
What would the book of your life be titled? 
What is your vanity/personalized plate and what does it mean? 
What’s a conspiracy theory you firmly believe in and why? 
No lying: Do you regret having children and why? 
Who is your enemy and why? 
People of reddit where you going to find a trad wifes?Or in other places you reccomend? 
Smokers of Reddit, why did you start? Do you want to quit? Do the health risks scare you? 
What's the reason there are never poor people on gameshows? 
What was your “glad it was them and not me” moment? 
What if the real problem isn't poverty but how dignity has been robbed from us by the system? Both in work and from our daily lives in a societal structure where we're made to feel miniscule for no reason whatsoever? 
What are you grateful for? 
How do you stop overthinking in a relationship? 
How would you describe your style of fashion? 
Whats the story of you getting beaten up? 
What's your explanation for "Deja Vu" ? 
Which movie/show was great the first time around, but not the second? 
Why would a baseball pitcher not repeatedly walk the greatest offensive player every single time? 
If someone from the 1950's suddenly appeared today, What would be the most difficult thing to them about life today? 
Literal AskReddit: Umm, how do you post a group of pictures so they show up in order as a gallery? 
Where can you find big juicy beefy muscular men? 
Fellas that have gotten snipped when after did you start cleaning the pipes? 
people in polyamorous relationships. How does it feel? Does it work? 
What’s a popular opinion that you also have, but there are some exceptions? 
What action should be punishable by the death penalty? 
What if redditors actually touched grass? What would they find and feel? 
What is the best way to really find out if you are gay or at least bi sexual? 
Who is the least funny comedian of all time? 
(Serious) What is the absolute most morally questionable thing about you? 
What is something little that goes a long way to you? 
What's your "I almost went to jail today" story? 
If your life depended on it ,would you prefer to suck the same dick 10 times or 10 different dicks once, why? 
Why don’t Redditors proofread the title before hitting send? 
You found a stranger sleeping in your bed, what would you do? 
Who will be the US president in 2025? 
You are pushed into 2029, you can bring one item back and only for one hour. What is that item? 
What is grosser, peeing in the pool or peeing in the shower? 
What is your biggest fear? 
If you could recommend just one tv serie, which one would it be? 
What’s the best\funniest reason to be late for work? 
Everyone you know is drowning but you can only save one person, who do you save? 
If you go to the gym, how far away is it from where you live? 
If you could get married to anyone in the The Simpsons TV show, who would you choose? 
What is a brand name of something that you might purchase, where you wouldn't really even consider any of the competition, you just go straight for that one brand name? 
Runaways of Reddit, where are you now in life? 
What is your opinion about life before death? 
What are your favorite songs to exercise to? 
Aliens are real and you have to convince them the human race is worth saving. What is your game plan? 
What is a weird/unpleasant habit your SO does that you have accepted to live with? 
What was your bedroom like as a young child? 
What quote was a game changer for you? 
What is easy to learn, but really difficult to master? 
How would you rate the EF scale? 
What could you use for protection in your bedroom? 
People who have successfully gotten back together with an ex: what made it work? 
How can people tolerate very hot things (like coffee) in ones mouth and stomach, which seems like very sensitive tissue, but not in the hand? 
London or Paris and why? 
People who have been hypnotized, what was your experience? 
what is something hated that you like? 
As a white person living in America, how many times has a stranger come up to you in public and asked for your name, asked for your address, and asked why you are there? 
What is the most gut wrenching song you’ve ever heard? 
Parents of Reddit whose children have dated awful people, who was the worst? Why? 
What did you do in school that made you popular? 
What are some bad/cringe pickup lines? 
Any tips on how to ace a Visa interview? 
What’s the silliest SFW thing you do when you’re alone? 
We are doing this again, What did you think was sfw but it was actually nsfw? 
What can you do to help someone go through chemotherapy? 
What do you think makes a relationship good? And what is your definition of love? 
Why do you think the government lies? 
What if Hitler was actually a Nazi and not just some angry Art School Reject? 
Which country has a the worst online users? 
What would you do if you found a body in your attic? 
Is it okay to not want to discuss past with partner? If you’ve recovered and healed, why the unnecessary vulnerability? 
What is your opinion about humility? How do you view humble people? 
If you could get married to anyone in the Family Guy TV show, who would you choose? 
What’s the worst thing you’ve done to get out of a bad date? 
Do any of you have a printed version of 1984 and can post the first two paragraphs? If any of you have an online version does it match? Why or why not? 
What services/companies do you use that you trust more than any other in terms of security, privacy, and reliability? 
What if we don't do what the Lord of Kendom has suggested us? 
Who is the strangest person you’ve had a crush on? 
Whats your favourite compliment that you've ever received? 
What would you like to improve about yourself? 
What is an immediate indicator that someone is from a lower economic class? Why? 
What if you weren't depressed and actually had a good and happy life? 
In what hardcore or fringe kink group like gimp or furry would jesus be most likely? 
Which social media, except for reddit, is the best in your opinion? 
When did you realize you were poor, compared to the majority? 
What’s the absolute worst time to tell someone you pooped your pants? 
What is your definition of a real friend? 
People who are for and against the Ukraine war what is your argument? 
What is the most mischievous thing you ever did as a kid? 
What female sport do you prefer to watch more than the male counterpart? 
Your username now describes your love interest, how screwed are you? 
How do you prepare for a road trip to go almost halfway across the us? 
What's the weirdest "For Her" object you've ever seen? 
Why, are you no longer woke?? 
What music genre had the shortest life span? 
What was the most devastating job application rejection you ever received? 
What are your unique qualities? What do you have that few others have? 
You can have $1 million but everyone you have ever/will ever masturbate to is going to be notified of the matter, do you accept? Why or why not? 
Engineers who worked on Meta's Threads, it is a "let's create a next Twitter" thing or "let's copy Twitter" kinda thing bts? 
How do you overcome paralysis by analysis when making a major life decision (ending a long term relationship, career change, marriage, having kids, etc)? 
How do you make conversation with someone you don’t really enjoy talking to? 
What is the worst example of cosmic irony you know of or has happened to you? 
On a scale of 1-10, how gay is it to fuck a zebra painted pink if the zebra winked to the unbeatable "no homo" spell afterwards? 
What's your darkest secret ? 
Morticians of Reddit, what is the most paranormal event you’ve witnessed? 
What made you realize you were in love someone? 
People who facetime on speaker in public, why? 
Bounty hunters of reddit what is your weirdest person you hunted? 
What’s the best response to “who do you think about when you’re in bed alone at night?” 
Redditors, how do you think sex 3.0 is going to be without trying the sex 2.0? 
What inanimate object would you become and why? 
What are your thoughts about first date kisses? Is it weird if someone didn't kissed the girl at their first date? 
People who have bought a battery for their solar panels, how has that worked out? 
What is an opinion that people are NOT entitled to? 
How would you tactically tank the Hoe economy? 
What is something that you will never have/achieve in your lifetime? 
There is a memory trick that says, remember your first house as a child, walk out the front door and walk left or right for a few seconds. What do you remember? 
What's the dumb thing you got as a gift that you can't live without now? 
What are your guy's thoughts on MREs? 
Do delivery drivers tip the same as they expect for their own work? If not, why? 
Who famously got away with murder? 
What anime character has the biggest boobs? 
What did you think love was 10 years ago? 
What’s your favorite concert experience? 
What do you love about yourself? 
What’s one thing you wish you could pick up at GameStop? 
Why don't redditors fuck metal pipes if they're so sigma and based -- as metal is the real grind? 
What is the best feeling you’ve experienced? 
What tv show is complete rubbish as it kills the brain cells of everyone who watches, but you can't help watch anyway? 
What’s the best response to “Mhm”? 
What wonderful dreams have you had that you still can't forget? 
If you could have two supernatural abilities, knowing that you endgoal was world domination, what would those powers you've chosen be? 
How did you stop caring what other people thought of you/stopped letting people influence your emotions ? 
How does one pick up chicks with social anxiety ? 
What is the worst response to “I’m pregnant”? 
What is an event in history that would have made the best time-lapse? 
What is the funniest article of clothing you own, or have seen someone wearing? 
What do you regret most in life? 
Bros, what if girls are real on Reddit? What do we do then? 
Of all the companies in existence today, which one do you think will be around the longest? 
If you were sent back in time to change ONE THING, what would you change? 
What has shocked you the most so far in 2023? 
What if you knew how you would die? 
People who accidentally bite themselves while eating: where inside your mouth do you usually bite yourself? 
Who has the prettiest women? Cambodia, Philippines , Vietnam, Thailand, Burma? 
What do you do to prevent becoming a stupid person? 
If you believe heaven is real, what is the way to get in? 
Do you already need to have a research proposal when applying for a Phd Psychology in the UK and how does it work? 
What is the solution for tight 4skin? 
What should you never say in a Welsh pub frequented by elderly Welsh men? 
What if Quorans knew how to answer questions without telling an irrelevant story? 
men of reddit: who is a female character that is widely hated? 
What would you do if you woke up and found it was 1983 again? 
What's the most toxic thing an ex friend did / said to you? 
Why would anybody believe that anything Grusch said to Congress really means there are aliens and they visited? What actual evidence was discussed? 
What piece of advice would you give to your younger self? 
Redditors who have multiple time consuming hobbies, do you have enough time for other things? What are your hobbies and how do you make time for them in your life? 
What is a good response to the statement that as long as one doesn’t remember it, pain does not count? 
Whats the most worthless college degree? 
Which sport takes the most amount of skill? 
Doctors / Surgeons of reddit: How do you wear rubber gloves for hours on end without discomfort from sweat? 
If you could donate 20 years of your remaining life to someone, who would it be? 
What do you hate most? 
What does he don't really be talking about shit mean in the young hip lingo? 
What was the most satisfying show ending? 
What will you never complain about ever again ? Why ? 
What’s a good gift to buy for your parents? 
Do you save the empty boxes from new electronic devices, and if so, how do you determine which boxes to save? 
What are some cheaper brands that offer the same quality as luxury brands? 
What are the best things about video games right now & what are the worst things about them right now? 
Which movie best describes your country? 
What's a great response to, "I'm engaged?" 
What's the worst name for a Dog? 
How do you define truth? 
What song is on your sex playlist? 
What are the funniest ‘80’s TV shows? 
What gose boom in the middle of the night? 
What's the dumbest thing that's made you laugh way too hard? 
What's the hardest decision you ever made and why? 
What is the most powerful feeling? 
How do you deal with body dysmorphia? 
What would be your reaction to someone celebrating a trash can free throw in the office? 
What is an good insult that doesn't sound like an insult? 
What have you stolen from your current/former job? 
What’s something crazy that happened in your life where you had to be there to believe it? 
Redditors who got a massage with a "happy ending" how did you feel after did you regret it? 
If you could open a restaurant, what kind of food would you serve? 
What if you could fuck a country like a politician? Which one would you aim for? 
People with Social Anxiety: When did shit really hit the fan? 
What was the last film you saw opening night? 
What makes your day better? 
What if you could choose the size of your neck? 
What was the silver lining of a bad thing that happened to you? 
What is the most embarrassing thing to ever happened to you while doing the devils tango/ having sex? 
You're watching your favorite comedian, Kevin Hart, live when he reveals that he's actually a skinwalker. What do you do? 
Hi all, where in Europe is the best place to live during winter season? It’s 1+golden retriever. We need access to the beach or at least a waterfront, do you have any tips? 
What do you think would be an appropriate punishment for a 10 year old who killed 9 cats. Or should he just get therapy and not be punished? 
What is your biggest fear when it comes to death? 
What is the perfect pizza? 
Which is the best coin to buy befote the bull run starts?? 
If they came out with a new Def Jam Vendetta game & Ice Spice was a playable character, what would her blazin’ finishing move be called? 
If the Grand Duke Franz Ferdinand had not been assassinated how would that have affected the development of nuclear weapons? 
What is something you wish you could change about yourself and why? 
People of reddit, you now own reddit. What’s the one thing you would change? 
What place would you not live no matter how much money you were offered? 
What American fast food item is your favorite? 
What movie was ahead of its time? 
What's the biggest tantrum that you've ever seen someone throw in public? 
What’s something you’ve never seen but could exist? 
What if redditors didn't actually fuck themselves up in real life? 
Whats next update on twitter? 
Has a former bully ever apologized to you, and if so how did you react? 
What if you could fuck a lake? Which lake would you fuck? 
How humane is catch and release? 
What will never be beaten? 
What’s the craziest thing that happened to you in school? 
What’s the weirdest dream you’ve ever had? 
If a person were to unintentionally use a blow up pool slide with someone who has plantar warts, how likely can that be spread? 
What are things you shouldn't try in a small town? 
What was the first movie you saw in the cinema as a kid? 
Why nobody is talking abt the alliens? 
What do you collect? 
what's a perfectly legal profession that feels illegal? 
How are you doing? 
What would make you want to start being good life-long friends with a stranger? 
What album or song changed your outlook on life? 
What's the unisex version of "sir"? 
What impact did the war on terror have on the USA’s hegemonic power? 
What's the stupidest trend people are following these days? 
What are your thoughts on microplastics? 
If you had to fist fight the Average Shopper of a retail store of your choice, which store would you pick first and which last? 
What were the reactions when MJs Smooth Criminal came out? 
How would you cause a recession in the Hoe economy? 
People who had abortions by choice (not because it was medically necessary), how did you decide what was best and did you feel grief over it? 
To the former inmates and prison guards of reddit, what forms of abuse have you experienced/seen? 
People who can wiggle their ears, how does it affect your hearing? 
If a chocolate-covered nut was nestled in your pubic hair, what kind of animal(s) would visit your crotch for a quick snack? 
What would be a decent skate spot in Skyrim? 
What is it like to not have depression? 
Where does the term CaucAsian come from? Does it come from the Asian side of the Caucasus mountains and if so how is it related to white Europeans? 
What is a food that looks good but you would never eat again? 
What’s a movie that made you cry because it was so beautiful? 
What is movie should’ve been a tv series because it was so good? 
What conspiracy theory actually makes the most sense? 
What if you could mate with elemental things like fire, water, earth, etc? 
What helps you to stop overthinking? 
How to save / make the most money other than a job? 
What was that one time you genuinely asked yourself "is this real life?" 
Men of reddit: Us girls always talk about the “bare minimum” that men should do, but what’s the “bare minimum” that’s expected from us? 
If you do hide for one day. What you will do? 
What’s the best response to “what do you do for a living?” 
What is the one thing your State/City is known for? 
How do you get over the woman you wanted to marry? 
What are things you should never Google? 
What’s the male version of applying filters to photos ? 
Redditors: Who is your favorite villain in the Disney movies and TV shows? Why? 
NJ, What’s with all the damn flies?! 
Whats your biggest regret? 
What was shockingly easy to learn that you wished you had learned sooner? 
What were you doing when you got into your car accident? 
Success often requires making sacrifices. What sacrifices you had to make to be successful? 
What do you consider to be a healthy level of masturbation frequency? 
What is the best exercise? 
What is or what are the the best Rant/Speech/Monologue(s) in gaming? 
When did you know it was love? 
Parents of reddit, what is the worst way to spend money on a newborn? 
What trope are you tired of? 
What is something that you irrationally despise? 
What does it say about a person who does not post photos of themselves often? 
We know that money is required to change laws and that the overwhelming majority of Americans want tighter gun laws, so why doesn't someone organise an anti-NRA PAC, raise way more money than the NRA, and use that to lobby for the changes that the majority of people actually want to see? 
What instantly turns you on in amateur porn? 
What if platypuses were real? 
What kind of person have you got no patience for? 
What if we knew what sex 2.0 would be? 
How to complain about mental abuse without sounding like a “baby”? 
What instantly turns you off in amateur porn? 
What is your favourite thing to do? 
If pumpkin spice is the flavor of fall and peppermint mocha is the flavor of winter, what are the flavors of spring and summer? 
[Serious] Redditors who’ve had to kill or injure someone, did you ever recover and what’s the story? 
What if you actually had a life outside of being a redditor? 
What two countries would make a very interesting interracial couple? 
It’s Friday night and you just got paid. What are you doing? 
With today's advanced technology like smart phones, artificial intelligence, and self-landing rockets, why can we only record and play back what 2 of our 5 senses detect? 
What’s your favorite show right now? 
What would make you donate to fundraisers? 
A doctor has just cured your deafness that you were born with and places headphones on you so you can hear a song as your first time experiencing sound. What song would you want it to be? 
What food makes you feel like a rocket chasing the stars ? 
What iconic scene from a show or movie resonates with you the most? 
How does gaming as an adult compare to when you were gaming as a kid? 
What vine grow so much? 
What cities would you consider world class? 
Which game that it's bad but the OST makes it better? 
If you could go back in time and save one person, who would it be? 
What's the last thing you did together as a family? 
what's a show you wish had more seasons? 
People of Reddit, what do you want done with your body after you die? 
what's an unpopular tv show you actually like? 
Which apocalypse are you best prepared to successfully fight your way through to glory? 
What are some of the best assets to have? 
If you could create a pill to give you one ability, what would the pill do? 
What if wrestlers were made to take ecstasy before wrestling? 
What is a reason for you to break up? 
How do feel about urban scavenger animals like foxes, pigeons, bears etc? 
What is the greatest pop song of all time? 
What expectations, if any, did you have about how you would feel after the breakup, and how did reality compare to those expectations? 
What do you think of the crypto meme space ? 
What’s the difference between “looking like a dad” and “looking like a Daddy”? 
What is the funniest thing that ever happened to you? 
Whats the worst moment you've ever been told to suck it up and move on? 
What’s your favorite playboi carti song? 
If 'murdered by words' could be shortened to 'wurdered' what could you compress other phrases to? 
Why should breasts be sexualized? 
People who wear socks and sandals, why? 
Online customer service agents who solve customer questions in live chat, how do you feel when the issue is solved online and the customer doesn't wait back to send a thank you message or doesn't reply with a bye and closes the chat immediately after they get their answer ? 
How to deal with hearing sounds at night? 
What if sex was a sport in Olympics and somehow redditors were always winning the gold in it? 
What is the smartest merchandising decision from a Tv/Film franchise? 
Who is a famous celebrity that everyone loves but is actually a terrible person? 
If you could name a porno, what would you name it? 
Feeling alone, what are some resources to use? 
What would happen if you fell into a water tower? Is there any way to get yourself out? 
What things restore your faith in humanity? 
[Serious] How do you know that someone is trouble? 
What's the most Objectifying thing you can call a man, in a cat calling manner, that would offend them? 
What was the worst scam you ever fell for? 
What is Linux on an android device that can have a sim card in it ? 
What is the craziest theory of creation of our world? 
if you could go to any fictional place where would you go? 
Chefs, what’s the one ingredient or food that you refuse to work with? 
He belongs to the jail 
I have a feeling this guy might not like Meghan Markle. 
Peeta forgot that he once abused animals. 
You are good man Sir, but this is America. 
Paypal her guys 
The internet has ruined me Saw this at the gym and I was shocked then I realized I'm the facepalm .
I'm not even Japanese. I'm a native American.. I just grew up in a large Japanese community in ohio. 
looks like someone failed Economics 
A: No they aren’t. B: That’s not what we mean. 
What did he expect? 
His heart is in the right place 
When you think you're smart 
I am here to tell you that as a man, I don't agree with this misogynistic hot take and women can raise children AND build a solid career and it's our job as men to help her do that 
Jeff bezos could give us all 1 billion. 
It takes serious sociopathy to enjoy ruining people’s days 
Oh cool, a blue ringed octopus! 
UPDATE to WIBTA if I told my mom’s realtor the truth about her house This is a loose update but also a huge facepalm.

Small update: 
Realtor did find out issues. Some of the price got knocked off and they did find a buyer for the house.

Now for facepalm:
My mom and her husband Rick (fake name) are trying to move to Hawaii. It’s already blowing up in their faces though.

My mom and I don’t talk for many reasons but before I cut off contact, I had been trying to help her plan out their move better because her and her husband had 2 mortgages on their house and minimum wage jobs with no savings whatsoever so I was worried that if they didn’t wait a few years and save that they would have problems. My mom would tell me I was jealous of her and just trying to “keep her here” and that I’m negative and don’t know what I’m talking about. 

Fast forward to now, they didn’t plan this out **at all**. They both quit their jobs already and have already gone through most of their last paycheck/garage sale money. They’re supposed to be moved out of their house by the 31st so they can start closing, but they have nowhere to go.. they were originally going to go camping for a little bit, but now they can’t. 

They had originally rented a storage unit to store their stuff while they went over and found a house (that’s right, they didn’t even secure an apartment or house before selling their house, they also haven’t even bought plane tickets lmao. They didn’t plan anything at all) but anyways, they ended up taking their stuff out of storage and paying for a pod to put their stuff in to send to Seattle so they could ship their stuff over now (again, they don’t have a home yet)

Well, because they haven’t closed yet, because they *haven’t moved out yet*, they haven’t gotten the house money yet, and won’t until after they move out and close. 

Well they now don’t have enough money to ship the pod to Seattle. So according to my step dad (not Rick, I am close with my step dad, he’s my half sister’s dad) my mom told him that she’s not leaving the house until she gets the money and can ship the pod… only, they can’t close until they move out.. idk what she’s thinking. 

Oh, also for extra ridiculous info…they haven’t even looked for new jobs over there yet. They’re going over there blind with no job, no house lined up, and all their stuff.. They also were going to try to sneak their cat and dog over so they didn’t have to quarantine them. 

I just don’t get it.
Drumpf- GIMME AN L! GIMME ANOTHER L! 
My fault for trying to convince a redditor that different asian races exist I provided merriam webster definitions and a separate study for my points:

https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/race

https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/ethnic

https://doi.org/10.1111/soc4.12013

But I just repeatedly get told I'm wrong with no further elaboration. I would've been fine if he could provide a convincing argument against mine but he simply chose not to I guess.
Civil War Part 2 
A post made by my country former Prime Minister who's quater Indian. 
This face! I don't even know how this was imported to my country 
Brain cells are decreasing rapidly 
How is this even possible 
New FL textbooks edits 
So that's what an overkill actually looks like... 
How dare this tan suit man goes on and lives his life….. Outrageous 
Never ending battle 
What the fuck even is this? 
Twitter’s rebranding is going great, i guess 
Just make you money man lol 
Marriage certificate is only an invention of man. 
Wow! Such discount!! 
A MAGA Climate Plan. 
Buy nothing groups... Smh 
Every single time. 🙃 
But people who got it cured didn't complain tho 
How ridiculous are commercials for new medicines and pharmaceuticals? It’s literally fake happy people in the background, with no relevance to the commercial, while the creepy voice is discussing life threatening/horrible side effects that are far worse than the condition.
Guess my sister and I aren’t biologically half-sisters just because we look alike /s 
It’s too easy to get guns in this country. This story happened a while back, but I didn’t put much thought into it until recently because everything was so chaotic at the time.

My dad has been to prison twice for a total of 9 years and is still on parole until next year. Being an ex-convict, my dad is not allowed to own firearms, but he got one anyway because he doesn’t give a fuck about the law, but this isn’t the dumbest part.

He asked my mom for a picture of her drivers license, and my mom trusted him at the time and assumed that it was for some kind of paperwork, so she sent him a picture without any questions. Later my dad sent her back a picture of the (I think)AR-15 he had just purchased in her name. I’m not a lawyer or an expert on guns, but an ex-convict just bought an automatic weapon with a PICTURE of someone else’s ID! He just walked in looking like the stereotypical ex-con that he is, showed a picture of someone else’s driver’s license, and bought an assault rifle. This can’t be legal right?
This poor guy's apartment after Elon had the Twitter logo replaced on their San Francisco office's roof today 
Carl 
Reporting on a mass shooter 
Masterbation means death /s 
What does woke even mean at this point? One of my Top 10 words that have completely lost their meaning.
This fucktards opinion on why it's ok for his Harley to have garbage emissions 
PSA writing on rocks is not a good deed 
Let's make sure we're hating on the right CEO guys. 
How you allowing yourself to be ratioed 0:220 😭😭 
And now I know how to spell Advertisements. 
And that is why you should read the fine print. 
This is Child abuse. Who gave them permission to procreate? 
The fact that this is needed just makes me sad. 
”Nazi aircraft” 
Wait till she finds out about Menopause 
Finally. An honest company. 
You can't tell me that this was accidental. 
But. Your sign says. Oh never mind. 
Okay. Who did this? 
How do people like this even exist? I understand not all Americans are like this. And those are the Americans I like. I've had a lot of experiences with Americans online and I've met some really cool people. But a decent portion of Americans are like this and I hate it. Now, I'm clearly in the wrong for acting like this but did OP seriously have to say what they did? Airsoft doesn't automatically mean I don't know anything about guns. I've shot real guns before and I know gun safefy. Was I in the wrong or was OP?
Never drunk text your Grandma 
Big oops 
What did he expect getting exploiting an glitch 
No one is happy to do this 
Oh my god, how can they do that 
How can you be so hypocritical? 
OP is either a troll or the dumbest person on the planet. “Hey Reddit, should I commit a felony?” 
idk how, but he got a great birthday gift after all 
What- 
Yay. 
Why? Just why? Gas station literally is more expensive... Why does anyone go there?
Elmo Makes Another Decision. 
After even her fans objected to it. 
Ya England would never do something like that... 
How much more disrespectful can you be 
Not only are they dumb enough to shoot themselves in the foot when they are lucky enough to have a Union, they appear to be violently antivax, even though his wife works with children. This is a scary amount of stupid.
Ah yes, the very scary capybara 
What has happened to us? 
Privileged white hollywood writer tries to shame all white men 
The implications here are crazy 💀 
But don't compare them to the Taliban 
What do you guys think he said? 
Sneako being Sneako 
Man wrongly jailed for 17 years may have to pay for the cost of food and accommodation while he was behind bars 
'X' logo installed atop Twitter building, spurring San Francisco to investigate permit violation 
Hypocrite. 
I wonder if he watched all the bank robbery movies available and hatched a plan? 
Condoms are eco-friendly, while papers are not 
Gun ownership... 
I don't care how old you are, this is just beyond stupid. 🤦🏻‍♂️ 
That'll be great for brand recognition I'm sure..... 😂 
Some Americans unironically believe in this ?? US cops shoot black people on sight and half of the states are passing anti-LGBT laws lmao 
Really Do Need More of Them. 
rent due lol 
Great Looking Nanny I am assuming this is a Facebook parody site but I would let this guy get my groceries and watch my kids.
You were caught on film groping and punching and needed to be taped to a chair. You don't get to play victim buddy. 
Do you consider him human? 
Scientists going to end us all 
Ethics? We ain't got no ethics! We don't need no ethics! I don't have to show you any stinking ethics! 
Ten is gay. 
Good going 
You have to remove the protective coating....can someone turn off the internet please. 
Oldie but a goodie... US Rep thinks Guam will tip over Thought of this after Mitch McConnell zoned out
I feel this image perfectly captures the reality of the alleged business acumen of one Elon Musk. 
'genius' 
What the hell is this bullshit 
Don't try this at home 
Why did they change the picture? the little bot facepalming was pretty self explanatory. I can’t tell what this is at a glance
Honestly, fuck Nestle 
“I lived in the area, therefor I know more about the area’s wildlife than the people who study said wildlife” 
"wear mask when outside" 
Please don't 
A Flat Earther made this surprisingly accurate meme. 
ahh yes, face care products 
How much more disrespectful can you be 
Yes because a black police officer would have been a farfetched concept to some people 
Another reason not to use tiktok Translation "When you're walking with your friend and your friend was raped with good looking tambay" (tambay means people who don't have jobs meaning they just sit around all day drinking or smoking.
Big Star Wars fan 
Such individuals are deserving of nothing but pity 
Truck has been here every day as long as I can remember, I only just noticed the sign. 
The amount of climate change denial in this comment section 
“Fear for public safety” Seriously 
Scientific name = poison 
Found a Creepy post from a woman form quora 
Math is a Myth. 
I doubt they'd care if they found out 
What the hell 
As an actual Indian, please fuck off🤷‍♂️ 
Gun ownership... 
this is what control looks like 
Y’all can never catch a break 😭 https://www.azquotes.com/quote/883710
Hard nut 
Middle-aged politician thinks that women can control their menstrual cycle, and that sanitary napkins are dildos. 
Translation: if Ariana betrayed you, took your husband wrecked your family you (the dog on the street) should stay quiet. 
As an Asian, I hope bad words are allowed in the title 
"But your honor, they promised they wouldn't escape me after I kidnapped them." 
Y’all… I honestly don’t know what to think about this but I know some of y’all will go through with this shit. ><‘ 
Best ad ever /s If this happened in real life:

-thief comes with face covered

-sees/hears the beeping camera and ignores it

-good luck finding him from a crappy camera footage of a covered face

Don’t leave expensive shit just lying in the pickup trunk lol.
Oh Elon 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ 
Rich Vs Poor 
on a post about how taylor swift has more carbon emissions in one year than the average american would in over 500 i really hope this is satire but you never know with people this deep in celeb culture
...as compared to the previous 12+ hour, 6-7 work week 
Florida approves conservative PragerU lessons for schools 
To shame a man 
Stay in school 
Facepalm….. 
Well you're not wrong. 
Caught on Police Body Cams! Women attempting to bribe Officers with inappropriate favors and awkward flirting to evade Arrest. Baffled when it obviously doesn't work out as she planned. 
OceanGate co-founder wants to send 1,000 people to a floating colony on Venus by 2050 
Imagine being British and seeing this bunny flipping off it’s shadow. What a weird add 
High IQ destruction 
Im sorry, you what? How can you just ignore a bite from a wild animal? 
Imagine thinking it's fine to wish Japan got nuked again just because they made animations 
We lost so lets take away peoples rights 
It happened. 
Lets elect new AG for Texas... 
Florida woman. 
Strikeout count 
Oh my 
From a blog where a German student described her experience in Kentucky 
I smelt straight shit It looked darker and worse in person 🤢 🤮
The bots leaving fake reviews on "Threads" in the Google Play store. 
Someone in my school advertises his candidacy by sticking posters on urinals 
oops 
Neo-Nazi woman complaining about misogyny in a white supremacist online forum 
Kardashian Grandmother Hopes Her 10 Great-Grandchildren Will Stop Climate Change 
Leave people alone ☕️ 
Elon Musk is one stupid as motherfuker 
Smiling in a mugshot after being caught faking her own kidnapping 
Doesn't Seem to Practice What He Preaches! 
Imagine falling for satire accounts as obvious as this one on every other day 
That’s it, AI needs to be destroyed. The fact that no one thought to heavily regulate and restrict the use of AI is ridiculous!
Kitchen after a typhoon.. 
Wait…Spain is in South America?!!! 🙈🙈🙈 
??? 
a classic facepalm 
Does this mean he reported me? 
what is this guy talking about? 
One of my only friends uses the N word He probably thinks he’s “cool and hip” saying it he’s also not racist he’s just really ignorant to think it’s ok for him to say it even though he’s not black. He’s still my friend because he’s not a bad person it’s just really cringe and annoying.
I- what??? 
If replacing people with AI was that easy, they would have done it hundreds of years ago. 
I think he made a mistake personally. 
My grandpa accidentally started eating with his plate upside down. 
Disqualification of Ukraine fencer Kharlan reversed – DW – 07/29/2023 
Why are the police being so smug about this? 
Europexit 
A baby should at least be worth two Mac Book Pros. Gotta pump those numbers up. 
What’s the problem? 
Two guys who just turned legal going to Vegas for the first time 
Really Just Tells The Truth All The Time. 
What is this logic?? 
What is one to do? 
Sukihana trynna get her Coochie skretch in London #funny #comedyvideos Why??
That's not gonna work. 
At this point. Do we even care what gender it is? 
But. Aren't they trained for these situations? 
Yeah its black men's fault someone lied about being kidnapped 
This will definitely make Philadelphia cooler 🤦‍♂️ 
When you can’t identify satire 
Video shows Putin's reaction as Russia's top priest calls him by wrong name, Patriarch Vladimir Kirill call Putin using the patronymic name associated with another Russian ruler, Ivan the Terrible, during a summit of African leaders hosted by Putin in St. Petersburg this week. 
This billboard near an adult store is the funniest thing 
Let that sink in 
I don’t know what to say about this… 
So, which flag do you stand for?... 
Over Engineering WiFi Grill and Smoker is the dumbest combination of words I've seen. I'm surprised there isn't Bluetooth capabilities
Bank Robber Trying To Escape Police Falls Through Ceiling and into Recyc... 
This missing person should be found in no time 
I live in Florida, by the way. 
a little funny to make your morning better 
Barack Obama’s nut job half brother. 
This city. 
Spain's biggest department store chain had to take down its 'Back to School' campaing. 
https://old.reddit.com/r/facepalm/ 
Got a point though 
Conspiracy theorists disrupt meeting over non-existent policy 
Do people really belive this? 
Yes, the republicans have never made fun of anyone! 
What a terrible day to be literate 
The Guardian YouTube video headline before the error was caught 
just maybe 
Sex traffickers on YouTube 
Bro forgot about dd/mm/yyyy 
Bruh, WTF??? If you have to ask if coffee can be safely drank using a straw, you’re an absolute idiot, of course you can, I’ve done it several times with both hot and iced coffee with no ill effects whatsoever afterwards.
“you can get free coffee if you pay 1 dollar” 
Food is delivered, boss. 
Never could have seen this coming 
I love it when people have no idea how to back up their claim 
"I can argue only with memes" 
Company made these to promote themselves. They didn't realize after a solve they look dumb af. 
I feel sorry for his poor son 
Elon Musk reportedly gave the order himself for the displays in Teslas to present overly optimistic estimates of driving range 
The first women in the epitome of stupid 
The *Fidget Stick* was bothersome. 
“Nursing Expert” 
Spotted in the wild blocking an EV parking spot 
harrassing a business for closing on time 
The entitlement 
Great job Elon 
Telling a child that the Earth is flat, dinosaurs never existed, and germs aren’t contagious. This is actual indoctrination. 
“Actually abuse is good because victims are more polite!” 
Farmer left furious as 'rubbish dumped everywhere' by Just Stop Oil protesters 
USPS exit 
James needs to be stopped 
Not sure if this counts but madlad strikes at his mom? 
So many Xs on X and not even one X to reX. 
Secret Invasion director Ali Selim: "I don’t feel bad about mixed reviews. If you had unanimously good reviews, every movie would gross $10 billion, trillion dollars, right?" 
Oklahoma Judge Traci Soderstrom scrolled on phone for hours during CHILD MURDER TRIAL, texting and searching for gifs https://nypost.com/2023/07/27/oklahoma-judge-traci-soderstrom-accused-of-using-phone-during-murder-trial/
Minimum effort scam 
Don't look up! 
No one in sight, window down and phone left on in the car. It’s definitely not the safest town either 
Temu Back to School Pt.2 
The New York Times (@nytimes) on Threads 
Even the app doesn't want to be called X 
Why do people do this when they’re caught? 
Get these old people out. 
Misogynistic girl fathers are a different kind of sad 
reddit keeps fucking their website up by not letting me read collapsed comments 
Try to shame a harmless man 
Ugh peta. Need I say more? 
This Canada Hat... 
Pov: you're a 13 year old who thinks Stalin and Hitler are cool 
Who the fuck are buying these? And why?
Exhibit 
This has to be satire right? 
She is such a sweet person, no one had the heart to tell her 
Yahoo Answers may be dead, but we still have Quora. 
No, but Barbie was 
At least it's not a book 
Yeahhh everydayyyyy 
Man took his chance lol 
Literally no restaurant is happy to do this 
In a World of Osha Violations. 
He's about to live out the ghost rider fantasy. 
Turns out math is useful after high school. 
Elon Musk Welcomes Child Sex Abuse Imagery Poster Back to Twitter 
Stole billions from costumers , donated to political campaigns from people's pocket and is now getting away with it 
everyone will defiantly think for a while. 
Epic redditor accidentally swallowed a bullet 
Are we even safe? 
Just mad I tell you. 
I want to try this now 
This kid is going places 
grandpa exposed 
What a response 
I don't think that's how it works 
A reason why YouTube ads are a problem 
Doesn’t make the slightest bit of sense 
[ Removed by Reddit ] [ Removed by Reddit on account of violating the [content policy](/help/contentpolicy). ]
This made my heart hurt 
Let's make sure we're hating on the correct CEO boys 
🦘🦘 
Not sure if it counts but I thought it was funny and it made me facepalm. 
The realisation 
sigh 
Oh 
Ridiculous 1982 Anti Pot TV Movie. Girl on PCP jumps through window then traumatizes classmates with an Orgasm of cliches and bad acting 
Every single word she wrote is so dumb... 
Sigh... 
Would this help or hinder getting pulled over? 
No comment 
